aardvark animal
aardvark entity
aardvark mammal
aardvark object
aardvark organism
aardvark vertebrate
abacus artifact
abacus block
abacus entity
abacus object
abacus slab
abacus tablet
abandon entity
abandon indiscipline
abandon trait
abandon discard
abandonment entity
abandonment event
abandonment rejection
abasement entity
abasement humiliation
abasement standing
abasement status
abbreviation entity
abbreviation form
abbreviation part
abbreviation relation
abbreviation word
abdicate vacate
abdomen entity
abdominal entity
abdominal muscle
abdominal organ
abduction activity
abduction crime
abduction entity
abduction event
abduction felony
abduction transgression
abhorrence disgust
abhorrence emotion
abhorrence entity
abhorrence feeling
abhorrence hate
ability entity
ability quality
abnormality condition
abnormality entity
abolition action
abolition entity
abolition event
abolitionist entity
abolitionist object
abolitionist organism
abolitionist person
abolitionist reformer
abomination entity
abomination object
abomination organism
abomination person
abort action
abort entity
abort event
abort change
abortion action
abortion entity
abortion event
abound be
above entity
above music
above section
abrasion condition
abrasion entity
abrasion injury
abrasion wound
abridge change
abscess cognition
abscess entity
abscess evidence
abscess symptom
absence condition
absence entity
absence lack
absence need
absent disappear
absenteeism entity
absenteeism event
absolute abstraction
absolute cognition
absolute concept
absolute entity
absolute idea
absolution condition
absolution entity
absolutism condition
absolutism entity
absolutist disciple
absolutist entity
absolutist follower
absolutist object
absolutist organism
absolutist person
absorption entity
abstain refrain
abstinence entity
abstinence trait
abstract think
abstraction cognition
abstraction concept
abstraction entity
abstraction idea
absurd entity
absurd situation
absurdity entity
absurdity nonsense
abundance entity
abundance magnitude
abyss chasm
abyss entity
abyss location
abyss object
abyss opening
academia entity
academia group
academia people
academy entity
academy group
academy institution
academy organization
academy school
accelerate increase
acceleration change
acceleration entity
acceleration event
acceleration happening
accelerator artifact
accelerator entity
accelerator implement
accelerator lever
accelerator object
accent entity
accent pronunciation
accent utterance
accentuation entity
accentuation stress
acceptability entity
acceptability quality
acceptor chemical
acceptor entity
acceptor material
acceptor part
acceptor relation
acceptor substance
access get
access recover
accessory artifact
accessory clothing
accessory commodity
accessory entity
accessory object
accident entity
accident event
accident happening
accident misfortune
accidental entity
accidental notation
acclaim entity
acclaim praise
accompaniment entity
accompaniment event
accompaniment happening
accomplice assistant
accomplice entity
accomplice object
accomplice organism
accomplice person
accomplice worker
accomplishment action
accomplishment entity
accomplishment event
account be
accountability entity
accountability trait
accountability trustworthiness
accountancy activity
accountancy entity
accountancy event
accountancy occupation
accountant businessperson
accountant entity
accountant object
accountant organism
accountant person
accounting entity
accounting explanation
accounting statement
accreditation certification
accreditation entity
accreditation event
accreditation management
accrue increase
accuracy entity
accuracy quality
accusation entity
accusation pleading
accusation statement
accusative class
accusative collection
accusative entity
accusative group
accusative oblique
accused defendant
accused entity
accused object
accused organism
accused person
acetone chemical
acetone entity
acetone material
acetone part
acetone relation
acetone solvent
acetone substance
ache cognition
ache entity
ache evidence
ache pain
ache symptom
achieve succeed
acid chemical
acid entity
acid material
acid part
acid relation
acid substance
acidification entity
acne condition
acne disease
acne entity
acne illness
acorn entity
acorn fruit
acorn object
acoustic drug
acoustic entity
acoustics cognition
acoustics discipline
acoustics entity
acoustics science
acquaintance cognition
acquaintance entity
acquisition entity
acquisition event
acre entity
acrobat athlete
acrobat contestant
acrobat entity
acrobat object
acrobat organism
acrobat person
acronym entity
acronym form
acronym part
acronym relation
acronym word
act document
act entity
acting activity
acting cognition
acting discipline
acting entity
acting event
action entity
action event
action communicate
action request
activation entity
activator entity
activator part
activator relation
activator substance
activity entity
activity event
actor entertainer
actor entity
actor object
actor organism
actor performer
actor person
actress actor
actress entertainer
actress entity
actress object
actress organism
actress performer
actress person
actuality being
actuality entity
acupressure activity
acupressure care
acupressure entity
acupressure event
acupressure treatment
acupressure work
acupuncture activity
acupuncture care
acupuncture entity
acupuncture event
acupuncture treatment
acupuncture work
acuteness cognition
acuteness entity
acuteness faculty
acuteness sensitivity
ad entity
ad promotion
adaptability ability
adaptability entity
adaptability quality
adaptation entity
add increase
addendum entity
addict advocate
addict enthusiast
addict entity
addict object
addict organism
addict person
addict supporter
addict change
addiction condition
addiction entity
addition entity
addition object
additive addition
additive entity
additive object
address entity
address act
address interact
adeptness entity
adeptness skillfulness
adequacy entity
adequacy quality
adhere equal
adhere match
adhesion condition
adhesion entity
adjective entity
adjective modifier
adjective part
adjective relation
adjective word
adjournment action
adjournment entity
adjournment event
adjudication entity
adjudication event
adjunct entity
adjust change
adjuster entity
adjuster expert
adjuster object
adjuster organism
adjuster person
adjustment change
adjustment entity
adjustment event
adjustment happening
adjustment improvement
adjustment transformation
administer control
administration entity
administration event
administration management
administrator entity
administrator leader
administrator object
administrator organism
administrator person
admiral entity
admiral object
admiral organism
admiral person
admiral serviceman
admiral worker
admiration entity
admiration feeling
admiration liking
admire respect
admire think
admission action
admission entity
admission event
adobe clay
adobe entity
adobe material
adobe part
adobe relation
adobe substance
adolescence entity
adolescent entity
adolescent juvenile
adolescent object
adolescent organism
adolescent person
adopt choose
adopt decide
adoption activity
adoption blessing
adoption entity
adoption event
adore love
adornment artifact
adornment decoration
adornment entity
adornment object
adult entity
adult object
adult organism
adult person
adulterer entity
adulterer object
adulterer organism
adulterer person
adultery entity
adulthood entity
advance travel
advantage asset
advantage entity
advantage quality
advent accomplishment
advent action
advent arrival
advent entity
advent event
adventure activity
adventure entity
adventure event
adventure undertaking
adventure work
adventurer entity
adventurer object
adventurer organism
adventurer person
adventuress adventurer
adventuress entity
adventuress object
adventuress organism
adventuress person
adverb class
adverb collection
adverb entity
adverb group
adversary entity
adversary object
adversary organism
adversary person
adversity entity
advertise act
advertise announce
advertise inform
advertise interact
advertiser entity
advertiser object
advertiser organism
advertiser person
advertiser publicist
advice entity
advice proposal
adviser entity
adviser expert
adviser object
adviser organism
adviser person
advisory entity
advisory statement
advocacy activity
advocacy entity
advocacy event
advocate entity
advocate object
advocate organism
advocate person
aeronautics cognition
aeronautics discipline
aeronautics entity
aeronautics physics
aeronautics science
aerosol cloud
aerosol entity
aerosol phenomenon
aerospace entity
aerospace location
aerospace object
aerospace region
aesthetic belief
aesthetic cognition
aesthetic doctrine
aesthetic entity
aesthetics cognition
aesthetics discipline
aesthetics entity
affect entity
affect feeling
affect change
affectation activity
affectation entity
affectation event
affectation pretense
affection entity
affection feeling
affidavit document
affidavit entity
affidavit information
affidavit testimony
affiliate associate
affiliate entity
affiliate object
affiliate organism
affiliate peer
affiliate person
affiliation entity
affirmative assertion
affirmative declaration
affirmative entity
affirmative statement
affix entity
affix part
affix relation
affix attach
affix connect
afflict arouse
affliction adversity
affliction entity
affluence condition
affluence entity
affluence wealth
affluent entity
affluent object
affluent organism
affluent person
afford pay
afghan artifact
afghan blanket
afghan entity
afghan object
aficionado advocate
aficionado enthusiast
aficionado entity
aficionado object
aficionado organism
aficionado person
aficionado supporter
afro covering
afro entity
afro hair
afro object
aftercare activity
aftercare care
aftercare entity
aftercare event
aftercare treatment
aftercare work
aftereffect consequence
aftereffect entity
aftereffect phenomenon
afterglow entity
afterglow phenomenon
afterlife entity
aftermath consequence
aftermath entity
aftermath phenomenon
afternoon entity
aftershock earthquake
aftershock entity
aftershock phenomenon
afterworld cognition
afterworld creativity
afterworld entity
afterworld imagination
age entity
age increase
aged entity
aged group
aged people
agency entity
agency group
agency organization
agenda cognition
agenda entity
agenda idea
agenda plan
agent entity
aggression disposition
aggression entity
aggression trait
aggressiveness entity
aggressiveness trait
agility entity
agility gracefulness
agitate communicate
agitate request
agitation condition
agitation entity
agnostic entity
agnostic object
agnostic organism
agnostic person
agnosticism attitude
agnosticism cognition
agnosticism entity
agony entity
agony feeling
agreement entity
agreement statement
agriculturist entity
agriculturist farmer
agriculturist object
agriculturist organism
agriculturist person
aid asset
aid entity
aid quality
aids condition
aids disease
aids disorder
aids entity
aids illness
ailment condition
ailment disorder
ailment entity
aim position
aim put
air entity
aircraft artifact
aircraft entity
aircraft object
aircraft vehicle
airfield artifact
airfield entity
airfield facility
airfield object
airiness entity
airiness magnitude
airiness size
airlift action
airlift entity
airlift event
airline artifact
airline conduit
airline entity
airline object
airline tube
airmail entity
airmail mail
airmail message
airplane aircraft
airplane artifact
airplane entity
airplane object
airplane vehicle
airport airfield
airport artifact
airport entity
airport facility
airport object
airspace area
airspace entity
airspace location
airspace object
aisle artifact
aisle entity
aisle object
alabaster chemical
alabaster entity
alabaster material
alabaster mineral
alabaster part
alabaster relation
alabaster salt
alabaster substance
alarm emotion
alarm entity
alarm fear
alarm feeling
albatross cognition
albatross entity
albatross hindrance
albino entity
albino object
albino organism
albino person
album artifact
album entity
album medium
album object
alchemist entity
alchemist intellectual
alchemist object
alchemist organism
alchemist person
alcohol beverage
alcohol drug
alcohol entity
alcohol fluid
alcohol food
alcohol liquid
alcohol part
alcohol relation
alcohol substance
alcoholic consumer
alcoholic drunkard
alcoholic entity
alcoholic object
alcoholic organism
alcoholic person
alcoholic user
alcoholism addiction
alcoholism condition
alcoholism entity
ale alcohol
ale beer
ale beverage
ale brew
ale drug
ale entity
ale fluid
ale food
ale liquid
ale part
ale relation
ale substance
alehouse artifact
alehouse building
alehouse entity
alehouse object
alehouse structure
alehouse tavern
alert entity
alert readiness
algebra cognition
algebra discipline
algebra entity
algebra mathematics
algebra science
algorithm activity
algorithm entity
algorithm event
algorithm procedure
alias entity
alias name
alias part
alias relation
alibi entity
alibi explanation
alibi statement
alienation entity
alienation feeling
alight arrive
alight land
alkaloid chemical
alkaloid entity
alkaloid material
alkaloid part
alkaloid relation
alkaloid substance
allegation accusation
allegation entity
allegation pleading
allegation statement
allege assert
allege insist
allergy condition
allergy entity
allergy susceptibility
alley artifact
alley entity
alley object
alley road
alley street
alley thoroughfare
alliance entity
allies entity
allies group
allies organization
alligator entity
alligator leather
alligator material
alligator part
alligator relation
alligator substance
alligator crack
alliteration entity
alliteration rhyme
allocate distribute
allotment assets
allotment entity
allotment relation
allotment share
allowance assets
allowance entity
allowance relation
allowance share
alloy entity
alloy mixture
alloy part
alloy relation
alloy substance
allspice entity
allspice object
allspice organism
allspice tree
allude act
allude convey
allude hint
allude impart
allude inform
allude interact
allure entity
allure quality
allusion entity
allusion mention
allusion remark
allusion statement
ally entity
ally group
ally organization
ally act
ally consort
ally interact
almanac artifact
almanac book
almanac entity
almanac object
almanac publication
almond entity
almond object
almond organism
almond tree
aloha entity
aloneness disposition
aloneness entity
aloneness trait
alpha entity
alpha signal
alpha symbol
alphabet database
alphabet entity
alphabet information
alphabet list
alphabet orthography
alphabetization activity
alphabetization entity
alphabetization event
alphabetize arrange
alphabetize put
altar artifact
altar entity
altar furniture
altar object
altarpiece artifact
altarpiece entity
altarpiece object
altarpiece partition
altarpiece structure
alternation activity
alternation entity
alternation event
alternator artifact
alternator device
alternator engine
alternator entity
alternator machine
alternator motor
alternator object
altitude distance
altitude entity
altitude placement
altitude relation
alto entertainer
alto entity
alto musician
alto object
alto organism
alto performer
alto person
alto singer
altruism entity
altruism generosity
altruism kindness
altruism morality
altruism quality
alum aluminum
alum chemical
alum entity
alum material
alum mixture
alum part
alum relation
alum salt
alum solution
alum substance
aluminum entity
aluminum part
aluminum relation
aluminum substance
amateur entity
amateur object
amateur organism
amateur person
amaze surprise
ambassador diplomat
ambassador entity
ambassador object
ambassador official
ambassador organism
ambassador person
ambassador worker
amber color
amber entity
amber yellow
ambidexterity entity
ambiguity entity
ambiguity saying
ambition desire
ambition entity
ambition feeling
ambition desire
ambivalence entity
ambivalence feeling
ambulance artifact
ambulance car
ambulance container
ambulance entity
ambulance object
ambulance vehicle
ambush activity
ambush attack
ambush entity
ambush event
ambush wait
amen belief
amen cognition
amen deity
amen entity
amend act
amend interact
amend revise
amend rewrite
amendment action
amendment correction
amendment entity
amendment event
amethyst crystal
amethyst entity
amethyst material
amethyst mineral
amethyst part
amethyst relation
amethyst solid
amethyst substance
amicability entity
amicability feeling
amicability friendliness
amicability liking
amigo entity
amigo friend
amigo object
amigo organism
amigo person
amino entity
ammonium chemical
ammonium entity
ammonium material
ammonium part
ammonium relation
ammonium substance
ammunition artifact
ammunition entity
ammunition object
ammunition weaponry
amnesty condition
amnesty entity
amnesty exemption
amnesty agree
amnesty forgive
amphetamine drug
amphetamine entity
amphibian artifact
amphibian container
amphibian entity
amphibian object
amphibian vehicle
amphitheater artifact
amphitheater entity
amphitheater object
amphitheater structure
amplification action
amplification entity
amplification event
amplifier artifact
amplifier entity
amplifier equipment
amplifier object
amplitude entity
amplitude event
amplitude happening
amplitude shift
amputation condition
amputation disability
amputation entity
amulet entity
amulet object
amuse act
amuse entertain
amuse interact
amuse socialize
amusement delight
amusement entity
amusement feeling
amusement pleasure
anaconda animal
anaconda entity
anaconda object
anaconda organism
anaconda reptile
anaconda snake
anaconda vertebrate
anagram entity
anagram part
anagram relation
anagram word
anagram interpret
anagram read
anagram understand
analogue entity
analogue quality
analogue sameness
analogue similarity
analogy cognition
analogy entity
analogy inference
analogy reasoning
analogy thinking
analysis activity
analysis entity
analysis event
analysis work
analyst entity
analyst expert
analyst object
analyst organism
analyst person
anarchism attitude
anarchism cognition
anarchism entity
anarchist entity
anarchist object
anarchist organism
anarchist person
anarchy entity
anatomy biology
anatomy cognition
anatomy discipline
anatomy entity
anatomy science
ancestor entity
ancestor object
ancestor organism
ancestor person
ancestor relative
anchor artifact
anchor device
anchor entity
anchor object
anchor attach
anchor connect
anchor fasten
anchorage condition
anchorage entity
anchovy entity
anchovy solid
ancient adult
ancient entity
ancient object
ancient organism
ancient person
android artifact
android device
android entity
android object
anecdote entity
anecdote event
anemia condition
anemia entity
anesthesia condition
anesthesia entity
anesthesiologist adult
anesthesiologist doctor
anesthesiologist entity
anesthesiologist object
anesthesiologist organism
anesthesiologist person
anesthesiologist professional
anesthetic drug
anesthetic entity
angel belief
angel cognition
angel entity
anger emotion
anger entity
anger feeling
anger arouse
angioplasty activity
angioplasty entity
angioplasty event
angioplasty procedure
angle entity
angle location
angle object
angle travel
angling activity
angling diversion
angling entity
angling event
angling fishing
angling sport
angst emotion
angst entity
angst feeling
anguish distress
anguish entity
anguish feeling
anguish feel
animal entity
animal object
animal organism
animation being
animation entity
animosity emotion
animosity entity
animosity feeling
animosity hate
ankle entity
ankle joint
annex addition
annex entity
annex object
annexation action
annexation entity
annexation event
annihilation action
annihilation destruction
annihilation entity
annihilation event
anniversary entity
annotate write
announce act
announce inform
announce interact
announcement entity
announcement statement
announcer entity
announcer object
announcer organism
announcer person
annual entity
annual object
annual organism
anomaly abnormality
anomaly condition
anomaly entity
anorexia condition
anorexia disorder
anorexia entity
answer entity
answer statement
answer state
ant animal
ant entity
ant insect
ant invertebrate
ant object
ant organism
antagonize annoy
ante assets
ante entity
ante gamble
ante relation
ante compete
ante play
antelope animal
antelope entity
antelope mammal
antelope object
antelope organism
antelope vertebrate
antenna artifact
antenna device
antenna entity
antenna object
anthem entity
anthem music
anthem song
anthology artifact
anthology entity
anthology object
anthology publication
anthropologist entity
anthropologist object
anthropologist organism
anthropologist person
anthropologist scientist
anthropology cognition
anthropology discipline
anthropology entity
anthropology science
anti entity
anti object
anti organism
anti person
antibiotic drug
antibiotic entity
antibody chemical
antibody entity
antibody material
antibody molecule
antibody part
antibody protein
antibody relation
antibody substance
antic activity
antic diversion
antic entity
antic event
anticipation entity
anticipation feeling
antidepressant drug
antidepressant entity
antidote drug
antidote entity
antimatter entity
antioxidant entity
antioxidant inhibitor
antipathy entity
antipathy feeling
antique search
antiquity entity
antiquity era
antithesis entity
antithesis relation
antiviral drug
antiviral entity
antonym entity
antonym part
antonym relation
antonym word
anus entity
anus orifice
anvil artifact
anvil block
anvil entity
anvil object
anxiety condition
anxiety entity
aorta artery
aorta entity
aorta vessel
apache entity
apache object
apache organism
apache person
apartment artifact
apartment entity
apartment housing
apartment object
apartment structure
apathy entity
apathy feeling
ape animal
ape entity
ape mammal
ape object
ape organism
ape vertebrate
ape equal
ape match
ape resemble
aphid animal
aphid entity
aphid insect
aphid invertebrate
aphid object
aphid organism
apocalypse calamity
apocalypse entity
apocalypse event
apocalypse happening
apocalypse misfortune
apologist advocate
apologist entity
apologist object
apologist organism
apologist person
apology entity
apostle advocate
apostle believer
apostle entity
apostle object
apostle organism
apostle person
apostle supporter
apostrophe entity
apparatus artifact
apparatus entity
apparatus equipment
apparatus object
apparel artifact
apparel clothing
apparel commodity
apparel entity
apparel object
apparition belief
apparition cognition
apparition entity
appeal communicate
appeal request
appearance entity
appearance quality
appeasement entity
appeasement event
append attach
append connect
appendix addendum
appendix entity
appetite desire
appetite entity
appetite feeling
applause entity
apple entity
apple fruit
apple object
apple produce
apple solid
appliance artifact
appliance device
appliance entity
appliance object
applicability connection
applicability entity
applicability relation
applicability relevance
applicant entity
applicant object
applicant organism
applicant person
application activity
application entity
application event
application use
appoint cause
appointee entity
appointee object
appointee official
appointee organism
appointee person
appointee worker
appointment action
appointment decision
appointment entity
appointment event
appraisal cognition
appraisal entity
appreciate act
appreciate convey
appreciate impart
appreciate inform
appreciate interact
appreciate thank
appreciation cognition
appreciation entity
appreciation knowing
appreciation understanding
apprehension emotion
apprehension entity
apprehension fear
apprehension feeling
apprentice entity
apprentice object
apprentice organism
apprentice person
apprenticeship activity
apprenticeship entity
apprenticeship event
apprenticeship occupation
approach activity
approach creation
approach entity
approach event
approach come
approach travel
appropriateness entity
appropriateness propriety
appropriateness trait
appropriation entity
appropriation money
appropriation standard
approve act
approve authorize
approve permit
approve react
approximate equal
approximate match
approximate resemble
apricot entity
apricot object
apricot organism
apricot tree
apron artifact
apron clothing
apron commodity
apron entity
apron object
aptitude cognition
aptitude entity
aquaculture commerce
aquaculture entity
aquaculture event
aquaculture transaction
aquarium artifact
aquarium container
aquarium enclosure
aquarium entity
aquarium object
aquarium structure
aquatic entity
aquatic object
aquatic organism
aquifer entity
aquifer object
arbitration entity
arbitration mediation
arbitration negotiation
arcade artifact
arcade entity
arcade object
arch curve
arch entity
arch bend
archangel angel
archangel belief
archangel cognition
archangel entity
archbishop bishop
archbishop clergyman
archbishop entity
archbishop leader
archbishop object
archbishop organism
archbishop person
archbishop priest
archbishop status
archdeacon clergyman
archdeacon entity
archdeacon leader
archdeacon object
archdeacon organism
archdeacon person
archduchess aristocrat
archduchess entity
archduchess leader
archduchess object
archduchess organism
archduchess person
archduchess princess
archduke aristocrat
archduke entity
archduke leader
archduke object
archduke organism
archduke person
archduke prince
archer entity
archer expert
archer object
archer organism
archer person
archery activity
archery diversion
archery entity
archery event
archery sport
archipelago entity
archipelago object
architect entity
architect object
architect organism
architect person
architecture artifact
architecture building
architecture entity
architecture object
architecture structure
archive artifact
archive depository
archive entity
archive facility
archive object
archive have
archive store
archives artifact
archives entity
archives object
archives publication
arduousness entity
arduousness quality
are entity
area entity
area location
area object
argon entity
argon part
argon relation
argon substance
argue state
argument entity
argument indication
aristocrat entity
aristocrat leader
aristocrat object
aristocrat organism
aristocrat person
arithmetic cognition
arithmetic discipline
arithmetic entity
arithmetic mathematics
arithmetic science
arm entity
arm extremity
arm limb
armada collection
armada entity
armada group
armadillo animal
armadillo entity
armadillo mammal
armadillo object
armadillo organism
armadillo vertebrate
armband entity
armband signal
armchair artifact
armchair chair
armchair entity
armchair furniture
armchair object
arming entity
arming event
arming mobilization
armor artifact
armor entity
armor object
armor equip
armor supply
armory cognition
armory creativity
armory entity
armpit entity
army entity
army group
army organization
arousal action
arousal entity
arousal event
arraignment document
arraignment entity
arrange put
array entity
array group
arrival accomplishment
arrival action
arrival entity
arrival event
arrogance activity
arrogance entity
arrogance event
arrogance transgression
arrow entity
arrow signal
arrow symbol
arrowhead end
arrowhead entity
arrowhead location
arrowhead object
arrowhead region
arsenal artifact
arsenal entity
arsenal object
arsenal weaponry
arsenic chemical
arsenic entity
arsenic material
arsenic oxide
arsenic part
arsenic relation
arsenic substance
arson action
arson burning
arson entity
arson event
art artifact
art entity
art object
artery entity
artery vessel
arthritis condition
arthritis disease
arthritis entity
arthritis illness
artichoke entity
artichoke herb
artichoke object
artichoke organism
article artifact
article entity
article nonfiction
article object
article act
article interact
articulation entity
articulation pronunciation
articulation utterance
artifact entity
artifact object
artillery artifact
artillery entity
artillery object
artillery weaponry
artist entity
artist object
artist organism
artist person
artwork entity
asbestos entity
asbestos material
asbestos mineral
asbestos part
asbestos relation
asbestos substance
ascend travel
ascendant condition
ascendant entity
ascension entity
ascent entity
ascent object
ascent slope
asexuality entity
ash entity
ash residue
ash change
aside entity
aside text
ask act
ask interact
aspartame entity
aspartame food
aspect cognition
aspect concept
aspect entity
aspect feature
aspect idea
aspen entity
aspen object
aspen organism
aspen tree
asphalt artifact
asphalt entity
asphalt object
asphalt coat
asphalt cover
asphalt pave
aspirate consonant
aspirate entity
aspirate part
aspirate relation
aspirate remove
aspiration entity
aspiration trait
aspirin chemical
aspirin drug
aspirin entity
aspirin material
aspirin part
aspirin relation
aspirin salt
aspirin substance
assassin criminal
assassin entity
assassin killer
assassin murderer
assassin object
assassin organism
assassin person
assault battle
assault entity
assault event
assemble connect
assembly artifact
assembly device
assembly entity
assembly machine
assembly object
assemblyman entity
assemblyman negotiator
assemblyman object
assemblyman organism
assemblyman person
assemblyman representative
assent entity
assent event
assent act
assent react
assert insist
assertion declaration
assertion entity
assertion statement
asset entity
asset quality
assets entity
assets relation
asshole entity
asshole object
asshole organism
asshole person
assignment activity
assignment entity
assignment event
assignment work
assimilation entity
assistant entity
assistant object
assistant organism
assistant person
assistant worker
associate entity
associate object
associate organism
associate peer
associate person
association entity
association group
association organization
assortment collection
assortment entity
assortment group
assume expect
assurance certainty
assurance condition
assurance entity
asterisk entity
asterisk signal
asterisk symbol
asteroid entity
asteroid object
asthma condition
asthma disease
asthma entity
asthma illness
astigmatism condition
astigmatism disability
astigmatism entity
astonishment entity
astonishment feeling
astringent drug
astringent entity
astrologer entity
astrologer intellectual
astrologer object
astrologer organism
astrologer person
astrology cognition
astrology entity
astrology fallacy
astrology idea
astrology pseudoscience
astronaut entity
astronaut object
astronaut organism
astronaut person
astronaut traveler
astronomer entity
astronomer object
astronomer organism
astronomer person
astronomer physicist
astronomer scientist
astronomy cognition
astronomy discipline
astronomy entity
astronomy physics
astronomy science
astrophysicist astronomer
astrophysicist entity
astrophysicist object
astrophysicist organism
astrophysicist person
astrophysicist physicist
astrophysicist scientist
astrophysics astronomy
astrophysics cognition
astrophysics discipline
astrophysics entity
astrophysics physics
astrophysics science
atheism attitude
atheism cognition
atheism entity
atheist entity
atheist object
atheist organism
atheist person
athlete contestant
athlete entity
athlete object
athlete organism
athlete person
athleticism degree
athleticism entity
atmosphere condition
atmosphere entity
atom entity
atom part
atom relation
atom substance
atonement compensation
atonement cost
atonement damages
atonement entity
atonement payment
atonement relation
atrium entity
atrocity entity
atrocity quality
atrophy cognition
atrophy entity
atrophy evidence
atrophy symptom
atrophy decrease
attach connect
attachment affection
attachment entity
attachment feeling
attack activity
attack entity
attack event
attacker entity
attacker object
attacker organism
attacker person
attainment accomplishment
attainment action
attainment entity
attainment event
attempt activity
attempt entity
attempt event
attendance entity
attendance event
attendant assistant
attendant entity
attendant object
attendant organism
attendant person
attendant worker
attention cognition
attention entity
attentiveness attention
attentiveness cognition
attentiveness entity
attest act
attest inform
attest interact
attire artifact
attire clothing
attire commodity
attire entity
attire object
attitude cognition
attitude entity
attract pull
attraction entity
attraction phenomenon
attribution cognition
attribution entity
auction activity
auction entity
auction event
auction game
auction exchange
auction sell
auctioneer businessperson
auctioneer entity
auctioneer object
auctioneer organism
auctioneer person
audacity boldness
audacity courage
audacity entity
audacity trait
audible cognition
audible entity
audible idea
audible plan
audience entity
audience gathering
audience group
audio entity
audiology cognition
audiology discipline
audiology entity
audiology medicine
audiology science
audiovisual artifact
audiovisual entity
audiovisual equipment
audiovisual object
audit analyze
auditorium artifact
auditorium entity
auditorium object
auditorium structure
augment change
augmentation change
augmentation entity
augmentation event
augmentation happening
august entity
aunt entity
aunt object
aunt organism
aunt person
aunt relative
aura cognition
aura entity
aura evidence
aura symptom
auspices activity
auspices entity
auspices event
austerity entity
austerity trait
authentication entity
authentication signal
authentication symbol
authenticity credibility
authenticity entity
authenticity quality
author write
authoritarian entity
authoritarian object
authoritarian organism
authoritarian person
authority control
authority entity
authority power
authority quality
authorize act
authorize permit
authorize react
autism cognition
autism entity
autism evidence
autism symptom
autobiography biography
autobiography entity
autobiography indication
autobiography record
autocracy entity
autocracy group
autograph entity
autograph contract
autograph declare
autograph promise
autograph state
automobile travel
autonomy entity
autonomy freedom
autonomy independence
avail entity
avail helpfulness
avail quality
avail use
avalanche descent
avalanche entity
avalanche event
avalanche happening
avalanche descend
avalanche travel
avenue activity
avenue approach
avenue creation
avenue entity
avenue event
average cognition
average entity
average statistic
average be
average total
aviation collection
aviation entity
aviation group
avocado entity
avocado fruit
avocado object
avocado produce
avocado solid
avoidance entity
avoidance event
avoidance rejection
awaken change
awakening action
awakening arousal
awakening entity
awakening event
award entity
award event
award allocate
award distribute
awareness cognition
awareness entity
awareness knowing
awe astonishment
awe entity
awe feeling
awe wonder
awe arouse
awe frighten
awl artifact
awl entity
awl implement
awl object
awl tool
awning artifact
awning entity
awning object
ax artifact
ax entity
ax implement
ax object
ax tool
axis entity
axis location
axis object
axle artifact
axle entity
axle implement
axle object
axle rod
baboon animal
baboon entity
baboon mammal
baboon monkey
baboon object
baboon organism
baboon vertebrate
baby entity
baby object
baby offspring
baby organism
baby person
baby relative
babysitter defender
babysitter entity
babysitter keeper
babysitter object
babysitter organism
babysitter person
bachelor adult
bachelor entity
bachelor man
bachelor object
bachelor organism
bachelor person
back entity
back act
back approve
back authorize
back permit
back react
backache ache
backache cognition
backache entity
backache evidence
backache pain
backache symptom
backfield entity
backfield formation
backfield group
backgammon activity
backgammon entity
backgammon event
backgammon game
background entity
background act
background convey
background express
background impart
background inform
background interact
background stress
backing activity
backing blessing
backing entity
backing event
backpack artifact
backpack bag
backpack container
backpack entity
backpack object
backpack travel
backpack walk
backspin entity
backspin event
backspin happening
backspin spin
backstairs artifact
backstairs entity
backstairs object
backstairs stairway
backup entity
backwoods entity
backwoods location
backwoods object
backyard entity
backyard field
backyard location
backyard object
backyard tract
bacon entity
bacon meat
bacon solid
bacteria entity
bacteria microorganism
bacteria object
bacteria organism
bad entity
bad quality
badge cognition
badge entity
badge attach
badge connect
badge tag
badminton activity
badminton diversion
badminton entity
badminton event
badminton game
badminton sport
baffled entity
baffled group
baffled people
bag artifact
bag container
bag entity
bag object
bag get
baggage artifact
baggage container
baggage entity
baggage object
bagpipe artifact
bagpipe device
bagpipe entity
bagpipe object
bail entity
bail relation
bail free
bailiff entity
bailiff object
bailiff official
bailiff organism
bailiff person
bailiff worker
bait cognition
bait entity
bait temptation
baker businessperson
baker entity
baker merchant
baker object
baker organism
baker person
bakery artifact
bakery entity
bakery location
bakery object
bakery shop
bakery structure
bakery workplace
balance entity
balance equilibrium
balance situation
balance adjust
balance change
balcony artifact
balcony entity
balcony object
balcony structure
bale artifact
bale container
bale entity
bale object
bale have
bale store
balk entity
balk magnitude
ball artifact
ball entity
ball equipment
ball object
ballad entity
ballad music
ballad song
ballast entity
ballast material
ballast part
ballast relation
ballast substance
ballast change
ballast strengthen
ballerina dancer
ballerina entertainer
ballerina entity
ballerina object
ballerina organism
ballerina performer
ballerina person
ballet activity
ballet cognition
ballet dancing
ballet discipline
ballet diversion
ballet entity
ballet event
balloon aircraft
balloon artifact
balloon entity
balloon object
balloon vehicle
balloon touch
ballot document
ballot entity
ballot choose
ballot decide
ballot vote
balm chemical
balm entity
balm material
balm part
balm relation
balm resin
balm substance
bamboo entity
bamboo material
bamboo part
bamboo relation
bamboo substance
bamboo wood
ban communicate
ban forbid
ban order
ban outlaw
ban request
banana entity
banana herb
banana object
banana organism
band attach
band connect
band fasten
band tie
bandage artifact
bandage entity
bandage object
bandit criminal
bandit entity
bandit object
bandit organism
bandit person
bandit thief
bandmaster artist
bandmaster conductor
bandmaster entity
bandmaster object
bandmaster organism
bandmaster person
bandstand artifact
bandstand entity
bandstand object
bandstand platform
bandstand surface
bandwidth entity
banish expel
banishment entity
banishment exclusion
banishment situation
banjo artifact
banjo device
banjo entity
banjo object
bank entity
bank object
bank slope
bank tip
banker entity
banker financier
banker object
banker organism
banker person
banking entity
banking event
banking management
bankroll assets
bankroll entity
bankroll funds
bankroll relation
bankrupt entity
bankrupt object
bankrupt organism
bankrupt person
bankrupt unfortunate
bankrupt have
bankrupt impoverish
bankrupt withhold
bankruptcy entity
banner artifact
banner decoration
banner emblem
banner entity
banner flag
banner object
banquet entity
banquet gathering
banquet group
banter entity
banter wit
baptism activity
baptism entity
baptism event
baptism sacrament
baptize designate
baptize label
baptize name
bar communicate
bar forbid
bar order
bar request
barber change
bargain agreement
bargain entity
bargain statement
bargaining entity
bargaining negotiation
barge artifact
barge boat
barge entity
barge object
barge vehicle
barge rush
barge travel
bark covering
bark entity
bark object
bark act
bark interact
barley entity
barley food
barn artifact
barn building
barn entity
barn object
barn structure
barnacle animal
barnacle crustacean
barnacle entity
barnacle invertebrate
barnacle object
barnacle organism
barnyard artifact
barnyard enclosure
barnyard entity
barnyard object
barnyard structure
barometer artifact
barometer device
barometer entity
barometer instrument
barometer object
baron aristocrat
baron entity
baron leader
baron object
baron organism
baron person
baroness aristocrat
baroness entity
baroness leader
baroness object
baroness organism
baroness person
barrack artifact
barrack entity
barrack housing
barrack object
barrack structure
barrack shelter
barrack supply
barracuda animal
barracuda entity
barracuda fish
barracuda object
barracuda organism
barracuda vertebrate
barrel artifact
barrel conduit
barrel entity
barrel object
barrel tube
barrel put
barren entity
barren location
barren object
barricade impede
barrier artifact
barrier entity
barrier object
barrier obstruction
barrier structure
barter commerce
barter entity
barter event
barter transaction
barter exchange
base artifact
base entity
base facility
base object
baseball activity
baseball diversion
baseball entity
baseball event
baseball game
baseball sport
baseline entity
baseline standard
basement artifact
basement entity
basement object
basement structure
baseness bad
baseness entity
baseness quality
basic entity
basic language
basics entity
basics information
basil entity
basil herb
basil object
basil organism
basin artifact
basin container
basin entity
basin object
basket artifact
basket container
basket entity
basket object
basketball activity
basketball diversion
basketball entity
basketball event
basketball game
basketball sport
bass entity
bass pitch
bassinet artifact
bassinet entity
bassinet furniture
bassinet object
bassist entertainer
bassist entity
bassist musician
bassist object
bassist organism
bassist performer
bassist person
baste artifact
baste entity
baste object
baste stitch
baste change
baste wet
bat animal
bat entity
bat mammal
bat object
bat organism
bat vertebrate
bat touch
batch collection
batch entity
batch group
batch categorize
batch classify
batch group
bath artifact
bath container
bath entity
bath object
bathe activity
bathe diversion
bathe entity
bathe event
bathe sport
bathe swimming
bathe change
bathe cleanse
bathhouse artifact
bathhouse building
bathhouse entity
bathhouse object
bathhouse structure
bathing activity
bathing diversion
bathing entity
bathing event
bathroom artifact
bathroom entity
bathroom object
bathroom room
bathroom structure
bathtub artifact
bathtub container
bathtub entity
bathtub object
batman assistant
batman attendant
batman entity
batman object
batman organism
batman person
batman worker
baton artifact
baton entity
baton implement
baton object
baton rod
battalion entity
battalion group
battalion organization
batter athlete
batter contestant
batter entity
batter object
batter organism
batter person
batter player
battering conflict
battering entity
battering event
battery entity
battery group
battery organization
batting activity
batting attempt
batting entity
batting event
battle entity
battle event
battlefield entity
battlefield location
battlefield object
battlefield tract
battlefront entity
battlefront location
battlefront object
battleship artifact
battleship entity
battleship object
battleship ship
battleship vehicle
battleship warship
bawl act
bawl interact
bawl shout
bay entity
bay act
bay interact
bayonet artifact
bayonet device
bayonet entity
bayonet instrument
bayonet object
bayonet weapon
bayonet change
bayonet injure
bayonet knife
bayou entity
bayou lake
bazaar artifact
bazaar entity
bazaar object
bazaar shop
bazaar structure
beach entity
beach object
beach arrive
beach land
beacon entity
beacon signal
bead adornment
bead artifact
bead decoration
bead entity
bead jewelry
bead object
beagle animal
beagle carnivore
beagle dog
beagle entity
beagle hound
beagle mammal
beagle object
beagle organism
beagle vertebrate
beak entity
beak orifice
beaker artifact
beaker container
beaker entity
beaker jar
beaker object
beam act
beam interact
beam smile
bean entity
bean produce
bean solid
bean vegetable
bean touch
bear animal
bear carnivore
bear entity
bear mammal
bear object
bear organism
bear vertebrate
beard covering
beard entity
beard hair
beard object
beard lie
beard line
beard rim
bearing connection
bearing entity
bearing relatedness
bearing relation
beat entity
beat location
beat object
beater entity
beater object
beater organism
beater person
beater worker
beating conflict
beating entity
beating event
beautification action
beautification entity
beautification event
beauty appearance
beauty entity
beauty quality
beaver entity
beaver fur
beaver material
beaver part
beaver relation
beaver substance
beaver work
beckon act
beckon interact
bed artifact
bed entity
bed furniture
bed object
bed supply
bedbug animal
bedbug entity
bedbug insect
bedbug invertebrate
bedbug object
bedbug organism
bedfellow associate
bedfellow entity
bedfellow object
bedfellow organism
bedfellow peer
bedfellow person
bedrock entity
bedrock object
bedrock rock
bedroom artifact
bedroom entity
bedroom object
bedroom room
bedroom structure
bedtime cognition
bedtime entity
bee animal
bee entity
bee insect
bee invertebrate
bee object
bee organism
beech entity
beech object
beech organism
beech tree
beef animal
beef bovine
beef cattle
beef entity
beef mammal
beef object
beef organism
beef vertebrate
beefcake artifact
beefcake entity
beefcake object
beefcake photograph
beehive entity
beehive location
beehive object
beehive workplace
beekeeper entity
beekeeper farmer
beekeeper object
beekeeper organism
beekeeper person
beekeeping commerce
beekeeping entity
beekeeping event
beekeeping transaction
beeline entity
beeline location
beeline object
beep entity
beep event
beep happening
beeper artifact
beeper device
beeper entity
beeper object
beer alcohol
beer beverage
beer brew
beer drug
beer entity
beer fluid
beer food
beer liquid
beer part
beer relation
beer substance
beeswax chemical
beeswax entity
beeswax lipid
beeswax material
beeswax molecule
beeswax part
beeswax relation
beeswax substance
beeswax wax
beeswax cover
beeswax wax
beet entity
beet herb
beet object
beet organism
beetle animal
beetle entity
beetle insect
beetle invertebrate
beetle object
beetle organism
befall happen
befriend act
befriend interact
beg communicate
beg plead
beg request
beggar entity
beggar object
beggar organism
beggar pauper
beggar person
beggar unfortunate
beggar be
beginning entity
beginning event
beginning happening
behalf activity
behalf entity
behalf event
behalf work
behavior activity
behavior entity
behavior event
behaviorism cognition
behaviorism discipline
behaviorism entity
behaviorism psychology
behaviorism science
behold perceive
behold see
being entity
belch entity
belch event
belch reflex
belief cognition
belief entity
believe accept
believer advocate
believer entity
believer object
believer organism
believer person
believer supporter
believing cognition
believing entity
bell artifact
bell device
bell entity
bell object
bell attach
bell connect
belle adult
belle entity
belle girl
belle object
belle organism
belle person
belle woman
bellow cry
bellow entity
bellow utterance
belly increase
belong be
belonging entity
belonging feeling
beloved entity
beloved lover
beloved object
beloved organism
beloved person
belt curve
belt entity
beluga animal
beluga entity
beluga fish
beluga object
beluga organism
beluga vertebrate
bench artifact
bench entity
bench furniture
bench object
benchmark entity
benchmark standard
bend curve
bend entity
bender artifact
bender entity
bender implement
bender object
bender tool
bending entity
bending event
bending happening
benefactor entity
benefactor object
benefactor organism
benefactor person
beneficiary entity
beneficiary object
beneficiary organism
beneficiary person
beneficiary recipient
benefit cost
benefit entity
benefit payment
benefit relation
benevolence emotion
benevolence entity
benevolence feeling
benevolence love
bent attitude
bent cognition
bent entity
bent inclination
benzene chemical
benzene entity
benzene hydrocarbon
benzene material
benzene part
benzene relation
benzene substance
bereaved entity
bereaved object
bereaved organism
bereaved person
beret artifact
beret cap
beret clothing
beret commodity
beret entity
beret headdress
beret object
berry entity
berry fruit
berry object
berry produce
berry solid
berry gather
besiege attack
best activity
best attempt
best entity
best event
bestiality entity
bestiality quality
bestowal entity
bestowal event
bestowal giving
bet predict
beta entity
beta signal
beta symbol
betray act
betray inform
betray interact
betrothal entity
betrothal event
betrothal promise
betrothed entity
betrothed lover
betrothed object
betrothed organism
betrothed person
better entity
better quality
better beat
beverage entity
beverage fluid
beverage food
beverage liquid
beverage part
beverage relation
beverage substance
bias attitude
bias cognition
bias entity
bias inclination
bias affect
bias change
bias influence
bible entity
bibliography database
bibliography entity
bibliography information
bibliography list
bicentennial anniversary
bicentennial entity
biceps entity
biceps muscle
biceps organ
bicycle artifact
bicycle container
bicycle entity
bicycle object
bicycle vehicle
bicycle travel
bigotry attitude
bigotry cognition
bigotry entity
bile entity
bile part
bile relation
bile substance
bilingual entity
bilingual object
bilingual organism
bilingual person
bill document
bill entity
billboard artifact
billboard entity
billboard object
billboard structure
billion entity
billion integer
bimbo adult
bimbo entity
bimbo girl
bimbo object
bimbo organism
bimbo person
bimbo woman
bin artifact
bin container
bin entity
bin object
bin have
bin store
bind cognition
bind entity
bind hindrance
binding entity
binding quality
binoculars artifact
binoculars device
binoculars entity
binoculars instrument
binoculars object
binomial cognition
binomial concept
binomial entity
binomial idea
biochemist chemist
biochemist entity
biochemist object
biochemist organism
biochemist person
biochemist scientist
biochemistry chemistry
biochemistry cognition
biochemistry discipline
biochemistry entity
biochemistry science
biodiversity difference
biodiversity entity
biodiversity quality
biographer entity
biographer object
biographer organism
biographer person
biographer writer
biography entity
biography indication
biography record
biologist entity
biologist object
biologist organism
biologist person
biologist scientist
biology cognition
biology discipline
biology entity
biology science
biophysics cognition
biophysics discipline
biophysics entity
biophysics physics
biophysics science
biopsy activity
biopsy attempt
biopsy entity
biopsy event
biosphere entity
biosphere location
biosphere object
biosphere region
biotechnology biology
biotechnology cognition
biotechnology discipline
biotechnology entity
biotechnology science
birch entity
birch material
birch part
birch relation
birch substance
birch wood
bird animal
bird entity
bird object
bird organism
bird vertebrate
bird watch
birth entity
birthday anniversary
birthday entity
birthmark appearance
birthmark blemish
birthmark entity
birthmark quality
birthplace entity
birthplace location
birthplace object
birthrate entity
birthrate rate
birthrate relation
birthright entity
biscuit bread
biscuit entity
biscuit food
biscuit solid
bisexual entity
bisexual object
bisexual organism
bisexual person
bishop clergyman
bishop entity
bishop leader
bishop object
bishop organism
bishop person
bishop priest
bishop status
bison animal
bison entity
bison mammal
bison object
bison organism
bison vertebrate
bitch condition
bitch entity
bite condition
bite entity
bite injury
bite wound
bite grip
bite seize
bitmap artifact
bitmap entity
bitmap object
bitmap picture
bitter alcohol
bitter ale
bitter beer
bitter beverage
bitter brew
bitter drug
bitter entity
bitter fluid
bitter food
bitter liquid
bitter part
bitter relation
bitter substance
bitter change
black color
black entity
blackberry berry
blackberry entity
blackberry fruit
blackberry object
blackberry produce
blackberry solid
blackberry berry
blackberry gather
blackboard artifact
blackboard entity
blackboard object
blackhead appearance
blackhead blemish
blackhead entity
blackhead quality
blacklist database
blacklist entity
blacklist information
blacklist list
blacklist have
blacklist record
blacklist register
blackmail activity
blackmail crime
blackmail entity
blackmail event
blackmail felony
blackmail transgression
blackmail affect
blackmail change
blackmail influence
blacksmith entity
blacksmith object
blacksmith organism
blacksmith person
blacksmith worker
blacktop artifact
blacktop entity
blacktop object
blacktop coat
blacktop cover
bladder entity
blade entity
blade leaf
blade object
blanket artifact
blanket entity
blanket object
blanket cover
blankness condition
blankness emptiness
blankness entity
blasphemy entity
blasphemy utterance
blast entity
blast event
blaze combustion
blaze entity
blaze oxidation
bleach color
bleach entity
bleach change
bleeding condition
bleeding entity
bleeding injury
blemish appearance
blemish entity
blemish quality
blend combining
blend entity
blend event
blend happening
blend change
blessedness emotion
blessedness entity
blessedness feeling
blessedness happiness
blessing activity
blessing entity
blessing event
blind entity
blind group
blind people
blindness condition
blindness disability
blindness entity
blink entity
blink reflex
blinker artifact
blinker device
blinker entity
blinker object
blinker cover
bliss condition
bliss elation
bliss entity
blister entity
blister imperfection
blister increase
blitz attack
blizzard entity
blizzard phenomenon
blizzard storm
blob entity
block artifact
block entity
block object
blockade entity
blockade event
blockbuster artifact
blockbuster bomb
blockbuster device
blockbuster entity
blockbuster object
blockbuster weaponry
blocking action
blocking entity
blocking event
blog act
blog interact
blogger entity
blogger object
blogger organism
blogger person
blond entity
blond object
blond organism
blond person
blood entity
blood part
blood relation
blood substance
blood cover
bloodbath action
bloodbath entity
bloodbath event
bloodbath homicide
bloodbath murder
bloodiness condition
bloodiness entity
bloodshed action
bloodshed entity
bloodshed event
bloodshed homicide
bloodshed murder
bloodstream blood
bloodstream entity
bloodstream part
bloodstream relation
bloodstream substance
bloom increase
bloomers artifact
bloomers clothing
bloomers commodity
bloomers entity
bloomers garment
bloomers object
blooming entity
blotch appearance
blotch blemish
blotch entity
blotch quality
blouse artifact
blouse clothing
blouse commodity
blouse entity
blouse object
blow action
blow entity
blow event
blow breathe
blower artifact
blower device
blower entity
blower object
blowgun artifact
blowgun conduit
blowgun entity
blowgun object
blowgun tube
blowing entity
blowing processing
blowtorch apparatus
blowtorch artifact
blowtorch burner
blowtorch entity
blowtorch equipment
blowtorch object
bludgeon artifact
bludgeon entity
bludgeon implement
bludgeon object
bludgeon stick
bludgeon compel
blue color
blue entity
blueberry entity
blueberry object
blueberry organism
blueberry shrub
blueprint cognition
blueprint entity
blueprint idea
blueprint plan
blues entity
blues music
blues song
bluff entity
bluff object
bluff ridge
blunder entity
blunder event
blunder mistake
blunt change
blunt weaken
blur cognition
blur entity
blur representation
board committee
board entity
board group
board organization
board enter
boarding departure
boarding entity
boarding event
boardroom artifact
boardroom entity
boardroom object
boardroom room
boardroom structure
boast entity
boast event
boast act
boast inform
boast interact
boastfulness entity
boastfulness trait
boat artifact
boat entity
boat object
boat vehicle
boat travel
boater artifact
boater clothing
boater commodity
boater entity
boater hat
boater headdress
boater object
boathouse artifact
boathouse building
boathouse entity
boathouse object
boathouse shed
boathouse structure
boatman entity
boatman object
boatman organism
boatman person
boatman worker
bobcat animal
bobcat carnivore
bobcat cat
bobcat entity
bobcat feline
bobcat mammal
bobcat object
bobcat organism
bobcat vertebrate
bode act
bode inform
bode interact
body entity
body object
body act
body convey
body impart
body inform
body interact
body mean
bodybuilding activity
bodybuilding entity
bodybuilding event
bodybuilding exercise
bodybuilding work
bodyguard defender
bodyguard entity
bodyguard object
bodyguard organism
bodyguard person
bog entity
bog object
bog wetland
boil condition
boil entity
boil infection
boiler artifact
boiler container
boiler entity
boiler object
boiling entity
boiling heating
boldness courage
boldness entity
boldness trait
bolero entity
bolero music
bolster artifact
bolster entity
bolster object
bolster pillow
bolster change
bolster reinforce
bolster strengthen
bomb artifact
bomb device
bomb entity
bomb object
bomb weaponry
bombardier entity
bombardier object
bombardier organism
bombardier person
bombardier serviceman
bombardier worker
bomber aircraft
bomber airplane
bomber artifact
bomber entity
bomber object
bomber vehicle
bombing activity
bombing attack
bombing entity
bombing event
bonanza entity
bonanza object
bonbon candy
bonbon dainty
bonbon entity
bonbon food
bondage entity
bondage subjugation
bonding entity
bonding relation
bonding relationship
bondman entity
bondman object
bondman organism
bondman person
bondman slave
bone entity
bone tissue
bonfire entity
bonfire event
bonfire fire
bonfire happening
bong entity
bong event
bong happening
bong resound
bongo artifact
bongo device
bongo drum
bongo entity
bongo object
bonsai entity
bonsai object
bonsai organism
bonsai tree
bonus cognition
bonus entity
boo cry
boo entity
boo utterance
boo declare
boo state
boogie blues
boogie entity
boogie music
boogie song
book artifact
book entity
book object
book publication
book schedule
bookkeeping accountancy
bookkeeping activity
bookkeeping entity
bookkeeping event
bookkeeping occupation
booklet artifact
booklet book
booklet entity
booklet object
booklet publication
bookmaker entity
bookmaker maker
bookmaker object
bookmaker organism
bookmaker person
bookshop artifact
bookshop entity
bookshop object
bookshop shop
bookshop structure
boom entity
boom event
boom happening
boom noise
boomerang artifact
boomerang device
boomerang entity
boomerang instrument
boomerang object
boomerang projectile
boomerang weapon
boomerang return
boomerang travel
boost activity
boost entity
boost event
boot artifact
boot entity
boot object
boot touch
booth artifact
booth entity
booth furniture
booth object
bootleg exchange
bootleg sell
bootstrap artifact
bootstrap entity
bootstrap implement
bootstrap object
bootstrap strap
bootstrap help
bootstrap support
borax entity
borax material
borax mineral
borax part
borax relation
borax substance
borderland district
borderland entity
borderland location
borderland object
bore entity
bore object
bore organism
bore person
boredom desire
boredom dissatisfaction
boredom entity
boredom feeling
boredom longing
boringness entity
boringness quality
borough district
borough entity
borough location
borough object
borrow get
borrower entity
borrower object
borrower organism
borrower person
borrower recipient
borrowing entity
borrowing event
bosom entity
bosom isolation
bosom separation
bosom hide
botanical drug
botanical entity
botanist biologist
botanist entity
botanist object
botanist organism
botanist person
botanist scientist
bottle artifact
bottle container
bottle entity
bottle object
bottle have
bottom boundary
bottom entity
bottom location
bottom object
bottom region
bottom supply
boulder entity
boulder object
boulder rock
bounce elasticity
bounce entity
bounce jump
boundary entity
boundary location
boundary object
boundary region
bounty cost
bounty entity
bounty payment
bounty relation
bouquet artifact
bouquet decoration
bouquet entity
bouquet group
bouquet object
bourbon adult
bourbon conservative
bourbon entity
bourbon object
bourbon organism
bourbon person
bourbon reactionary
boutique artifact
boutique entity
boutique object
boutique shop
boutique structure
bovine animal
bovine entity
bovine mammal
bovine object
bovine organism
bovine vertebrate
bow artifact
bow device
bow entity
bow object
bow act
bow interact
bowels entity
bowels location
bowels object
bowl artifact
bowl container
bowl entity
bowl object
bowl travel
bowler athlete
bowler contestant
bowler entity
bowler object
bowler organism
bowler person
bowling activity
bowling entity
bowling event
bowling game
box artifact
box container
box entity
box object
box surround
boxer combatant
boxer entity
boxer object
boxer organism
boxer person
boxing activity
boxing diversion
boxing entity
boxing event
boxing sport
boycott entity
boycott event
boyfriend adult
boyfriend entity
boyfriend lover
boyfriend man
boyfriend object
boyfriend organism
boyfriend person
boyhood childhood
boyhood entity
brace artifact
brace device
brace entity
brace object
brace change
bracket collection
bracket entity
bracket group
bracket set
brag boast
brag entity
brag event
braid covering
braid entity
braid hair
braid object
braille act
braille interact
braille rewrite
brain entity
brain touch
brainwashing activity
brainwashing entity
brainwashing event
brainwashing occupation
brainwashing teaching
brainwave entity
brainwave phenomenon
brake artifact
brake device
brake entity
brake object
brake stop
bran entity
bran material
bran part
bran relation
bran substance
branch entity
branch group
branch organization
branching action
branching entity
branching event
brand change
brandy alcohol
brandy beverage
brandy drug
brandy entity
brandy fluid
brandy food
brandy liquid
brandy liquor
brandy part
brandy relation
brandy substance
brass alloy
brass entity
brass mixture
brass part
brass relation
brass substance
brassiere artifact
brassiere clothing
brassiere commodity
brassiere entity
brassiere garment
brassiere object
bratwurst entity
bratwurst meat
bratwurst sausage
bratwurst solid
brave entity
brave object
brave organism
brave person
brave warrior
bravo act
bravo interact
brawl act
brawl converse
brawl interact
brawl quarrel
brawl talk
brawn entity
brawn strength
brazen communicate
brazen request
breach entity
breach event
breach mistake
bread entity
bread food
bread solid
bread cover
breadbasket entity
breadbasket location
breadbasket object
breadfruit entity
breadfruit object
breadfruit organism
breadfruit tree
breadth cognition
breadth entity
breadth intelligence
breadwinner earner
breadwinner employee
breadwinner entity
breadwinner object
breadwinner organism
breadwinner person
breadwinner worker
breakable artifact
breakable entity
breakable object
breakage entity
breakaway action
breakaway entity
breakaway event
breakfast entity
breakfast food
breakfast meal
breast entity
breast converge
breath entity
breathing entity
breech artifact
breech entity
breech object
breeches artifact
breeches clothing
breeches commodity
breeches entity
breeches garment
breeches object
breeches trouser
breed entity
breed group
breeding elegance
breeding entity
breeding quality
breeze entity
breeze phenomenon
breeze weather
breeze wind
brethren entity
brethren group
brethren institution
brethren organization
brethren sect
brevity entity
brew alcohol
brew beverage
brew drug
brew entity
brew fluid
brew food
brew liquid
brew part
brew relation
brew substance
brewer entity
brewer maker
brewer object
brewer organism
brewer person
brewery artifact
brewery entity
brewery object
brewery plant
brewery structure
brewing commerce
brewing entity
brewing event
brewing transaction
bribe cost
bribe entity
bribe payment
bribe relation
bribe pay
bribery activity
bribery crime
bribery entity
bribery event
bribery felony
bribery transgression
brick artifact
brick ceramic
brick entity
brick object
bricklayer entity
bricklayer object
bricklayer organism
bricklayer person
bricklayer worker
brickwork artifact
brickwork entity
brickwork masonry
brickwork object
brickwork structure
bridal activity
bridal continuance
bridal custom
bridal entity
bridal event
bridal practice
bridal ritual
bride entity
bride object
bride organism
bride person
bride relative
bride spouse
bridge artifact
bridge entity
bridge object
bridge structure
bridge connect
bridle artifact
bridle entity
bridle equipment
bridle object
bridle feel
brief document
brief entity
brief act
brief inform
brief interact
briefcase artifact
briefcase container
briefcase entity
briefcase object
briefs artifact
briefs clothing
briefs commodity
briefs entity
briefs garment
briefs object
brig artifact
brig entity
brig object
brig vehicle
brigade entity
brigade group
brigade organization
brigade act
brigade interact
brighten change
brightness entity
brim artifact
brim entity
brim object
brim surface
brimstone entity
brimstone part
brimstone relation
brimstone substance
brimstone sulfur
brine change
brine wet
brink entity
brisk accelerate
brisk increase
brisket entity
brisket meat
brisket solid
bristle entity
bristle fiber
bristle material
bristle part
bristle relation
bristle substance
brittle candy
brittle dainty
brittle entity
brittle food
broach act
broach interact
broad adult
broad entity
broad object
broad organism
broad person
broad woman
broadcast entity
broadcast message
broadcaster entity
broadcaster object
broadcaster organism
broadcaster person
broaden change
broadside touch
broccoli entity
broccoli herb
broccoli object
broccoli organism
broil action
broil cooking
broil entity
broil event
broil grill
broiler artifact
broiler commodity
broiler entity
broiler object
broiler oven
broker act
broker interact
brokerage entity
brokerage group
brokerage institution
brokerage organization
bronchitis condition
bronchitis disease
bronchitis entity
bronchitis illness
bronze alloy
bronze entity
bronze mixture
bronze part
bronze relation
bronze substance
bronze dye
brood entity
brood group
brook entity
brook stream
broom artifact
broom entity
broom implement
broom object
broth entity
broth food
broth soup
brother entity
brother kinsman
brother object
brother organism
brother person
brother relative
brotherhood entity
brotherhood relation
brow entity
brown color
brown entity
browse collection
browse entity
browse group
browse vegetation
browser entity
browser object
browser organism
browser person
browser spectator
bruise condition
bruise entity
bruise injury
bruise change
bruise injure
brunt degree
brunt entity
brush collection
brush entity
brush group
brush vegetation
brush rub
brutalization condition
brutalization entity
bubble entity
bubble emit
buck act
buck endeavor
buck try
bucket artifact
bucket container
bucket entity
bucket object
bucket put
buckle artifact
buckle device
buckle entity
buckle object
buckle attach
buckle connect
buckle fasten
buckwheat entity
buckwheat herb
buckwheat object
buckwheat organism
bud entity
bud object
bud increase
budding entity
budding reproduction
buddy entity
buddy friend
buddy object
buddy organism
buddy person
budget entity
budget fund
budget money
budget standard
budget calculate
buffalo arouse
buffalo awe
buffalo frighten
buffer chemical
buffer entity
buffer material
buffer part
buffer relation
buffer substance
buffer modify
buffet artifact
buffet entity
buffet furniture
buffet object
buffet strike
buffet touch
bug animal
bug entity
bug insect
bug invertebrate
bug object
bug organism
bugle artifact
bugle device
bugle entity
bugle object
builder entity
builder material
builder part
builder relation
builder substance
building artifact
building entity
building object
building structure
buildup action
buildup entity
buildup event
bulb entity
bulb object
bulge entity
bulimia condition
bulimia disorder
bulimia entity
bulk bulge
bull animal
bull bovine
bull cattle
bull entity
bull mammal
bull object
bull organism
bull vertebrate
bull act
bull interact
bull urge
bullet artifact
bullet device
bullet entity
bullet instrument
bullet object
bullet projectile
bullet weapon
bulletin entity
bulletin information
bulletin act
bulletin inform
bulletin interact
bulletin publicize
bullion assets
bullion entity
bullion relation
bullion treasure
bullion valuable
bully attacker
bully entity
bully object
bully organism
bully person
bullying activity
bullying behavior
bullying entity
bullying event
bumblebee animal
bumblebee bee
bumblebee entity
bumblebee insect
bumblebee invertebrate
bumblebee object
bumblebee organism
bummer condition
bummer entity
bummer irritation
bump condition
bump entity
bump injury
bump touch
bumper artifact
bumper container
bumper entity
bumper object
bun bread
bun entity
bun food
bun solid
bunch collection
bunch entity
bunch group
bundle pack
bundle surround
bungalow artifact
bungalow building
bungalow dwelling
bungalow entity
bungalow house
bungalow housing
bungalow object
bungalow structure
bunker artifact
bunker entity
bunker object
bunker obstruction
bunker structure
bunker hit
bunkmate entity
bunkmate object
bunkmate organism
bunkmate person
bunny employee
bunny entity
bunny object
bunny organism
bunny person
bunny waitress
bunny worker
bunt entity
bunt event
bunt hit
bunting artifact
bunting entity
bunting fabric
bunting object
buoy entity
buoy signal
buoy travel
buoyancy entity
buoyancy feeling
burden cognition
burden entity
burden change
bureaucracy entity
bureaucracy group
bureaucrat entity
bureaucrat object
bureaucrat official
bureaucrat organism
bureaucrat person
bureaucrat worker
burial ceremony
burial entity
burial event
burial funeral
burlesque entity
burlesque event
burn cognition
burn entity
burn evidence
burn pain
burn symptom
burner apparatus
burner artifact
burner entity
burner equipment
burner object
burning action
burning entity
burning event
burp emit
burrow entity
burrow object
burrow dig
burrow remove
bury hide
burying activity
burying entity
burying event
bus artifact
bus entity
bus object
bus transport
bush supply
bushel entity
business entity
business group
business organization
businessman businessperson
businessman entity
businessman object
businessman organism
businessman person
businessperson entity
businessperson object
businessperson organism
businessperson person
businesswoman businessperson
businesswoman entity
businesswoman object
businesswoman organism
businesswoman person
bustle action
bustle entity
bustle event
busy work
butane chemical
butane entity
butane fuel
butane material
butane part
butane relation
butane substance
butch entity
butch homosexual
butch lesbian
butch object
butch organism
butch person
butcher businessperson
butcher entity
butcher merchant
butcher object
butcher organism
butcher person
butcher kill
butler entity
butler object
butler organism
butler person
butler servant
butler worker
butt entity
butt handle
butt object
butter entity
butter food
butter solid
butter cover
buttercup entity
buttercup herb
buttercup object
buttercup organism
butterfly animal
butterfly entity
butterfly insect
butterfly invertebrate
butterfly object
butterfly organism
butterfly travel
buttermilk beverage
buttermilk entity
buttermilk fluid
buttermilk food
buttermilk liquid
buttermilk milk
buttermilk part
buttermilk relation
buttermilk substance
buttock entity
buttocks entity
button artifact
button device
button entity
button object
button add
button increase
buttonhole artifact
buttonhole entity
buttonhole object
buttress artifact
buttress entity
buttress object
buttress structure
buttress change
buttress reinforce
buttress strengthen
buy get
buyer consumer
buyer customer
buyer entity
buyer object
buyer organism
buyer person
buyer user
buyout acquisition
buyout entity
buyout event
buzz entity
buzz event
buzz happening
buzzard animal
buzzard bird
buzzard entity
buzzard object
buzzard organism
buzzard vertebrate
buzzard vulture
bye assent
bye entity
bye event
bygone entity
bygone past
bypass avoid
byte entity
cab artifact
cab entity
cab object
cab room
cab structure
cabana artifact
cabana entity
cabana object
cabana shelter
cabana structure
cabana tent
cabbage entity
cabbage produce
cabbage solid
cabbage vegetable
cabin artifact
cabin entity
cabin object
cabin room
cabin structure
cabin forget
cabin restrain
cabinet artifact
cabinet entity
cabinet furniture
cabinet object
cable entity
cable message
cable telegram
cable act
cable interact
cache artifact
cache entity
cache object
cache structure
cadaver entity
cadaver object
caddy artifact
caddy can
caddy container
caddy entity
caddy object
cadet entity
cadet object
cadet organism
cadet person
cadet trainee
cadmium entity
cadmium part
cadmium relation
cadmium substance
cafeteria artifact
cafeteria building
cafeteria entity
cafeteria object
cafeteria restaurant
cafeteria structure
caffeine alkaloid
caffeine chemical
caffeine entity
caffeine material
caffeine part
caffeine relation
caffeine substance
cage artifact
cage enclosure
cage entity
cage object
cage structure
cake artifact
cake block
cake entity
cake object
calamity entity
calamity event
calamity happening
calamity misfortune
calcification entity
calcium entity
calcium part
calcium relation
calcium substance
calculation activity
calculation entity
calculation event
calculation procedure
calculator entity
calculator expert
calculator object
calculator organism
calculator person
calculus entity
calculus object
calculus rock
calendar cognition
calendar entity
calendar schedule
calender artifact
calender device
calender entity
calender machine
calender object
calf animal
calf entity
calf object
calf organism
calf young
calibrate adjust
calibrate change
calibration activity
calibration entity
calibration event
calico artifact
calico entity
calico fabric
calico object
call artifact
call entity
call medium
call object
call telecommunication
caller entity
caller object
caller organism
caller person
caller traveler
caller visitor
calligraphy entity
calligraphy handwriting
callous change
calm comfort
calorie entity
camel animal
camel entity
camel mammal
camel object
camel organism
camel vertebrate
cameo art
cameo artifact
cameo carving
cameo entity
cameo object
cameo sculpture
camera artifact
camera entity
camera equipment
camera object
camisole artifact
camisole clothing
camisole commodity
camisole entity
camisole garment
camisole object
camouflage disguise
camouflage hide
camp artifact
camp entity
camp housing
camp object
camp structure
camp populate
campaign compete
campaigner entity
campaigner leader
campaigner object
campaigner organism
campaigner person
camper entity
camper object
camper organism
camper person
camper vacationer
campus entity
campus field
campus location
campus object
campus tract
can artifact
can container
can entity
can object
canal entity
canal supply
cancellation action
cancellation entity
cancellation event
cancer condition
cancer disease
cancer entity
cancer illness
cancer malignancy
cancer tumor
candle artifact
candle device
candle entity
candle lamp
candle object
candlestick artifact
candlestick device
candlestick entity
candlestick holder
candlestick object
candy dainty
candy entity
candy food
cane artifact
cane entity
cane implement
cane object
cane stick
canine bone
canine entity
canine tissue
canine tooth
cannabis entity
cannabis object
cannabis organism
cannabis shrub
cannibal entity
cannibal object
cannibal organism
cannibal person
cannibal primitive
cannibal savage
cannon artifact
cannon artillery
cannon entity
cannon object
cannon weaponry
cannon hit
cannonball artifact
cannonball device
cannonball entity
cannonball instrument
cannonball object
cannonball projectile
cannonball weapon
canoe artifact
canoe boat
canoe entity
canoe object
canoe vehicle
canoe boat
canoe travel
canon entity
canonization activity
canonization entity
canonization event
canonization sanctification
canopy artifact
canopy entity
canopy object
canopy cover
cantaloupe entity
cantaloupe object
cantaloupe organism
cantaloupe vine
canteen artifact
canteen bottle
canteen container
canteen entity
canteen flask
canteen object
canvas artifact
canvas entity
canvas fabric
canvas object
canyon entity
canyon object
canyon ravine
canyon valley
cap artifact
cap clothing
cap commodity
cap entity
cap headdress
cap object
cap lie
capability ability
capability entity
capability quality
capacitor artifact
capacitor device
capacitor entity
capacitor object
capacity ability
capacity capability
capacity entity
capacity quality
cape entity
cape object
capillary artifact
capillary conduit
capillary entity
capillary object
capillary tube
capital assets
capital entity
capital relation
capitalism economy
capitalism entity
capitalism group
capitalist adult
capitalist conservative
capitalist entity
capitalist object
capitalist organism
capitalist person
capitalization entity
capitalize get
capitalize profit
capitol artifact
capitol building
capitol entity
capitol object
capitol structure
capitulation document
capitulation entity
cappuccino beverage
cappuccino coffee
cappuccino entity
cappuccino fluid
cappuccino food
cappuccino liquid
cappuccino part
cappuccino relation
cappuccino substance
capsule artifact
capsule container
capsule entity
capsule object
capsule cover
capsule envelop
captain entity
captain object
captain organism
captain person
captain serviceman
captain worker
captain control
caption entity
caption event
caption supply
captivity entity
captivity subjugation
capture entity
capture event
car artifact
car container
car entity
car object
car vehicle
carafe artifact
carafe bottle
carafe container
carafe entity
carafe object
caramel candy
caramel dainty
caramel entity
caramel food
carat entity
caravan collection
caravan entity
caravan event
caravan group
caravan travel
carbohydrate chemical
carbohydrate entity
carbohydrate material
carbohydrate molecule
carbohydrate part
carbohydrate relation
carbohydrate substance
carbon entity
carbon part
carbon relation
carbon substance
carbonate chemical
carbonate entity
carbonate material
carbonate part
carbonate relation
carbonate salt
carbonate substance
carburetor artifact
carburetor device
carburetor entity
carburetor object
carcinogen entity
card entity
card material
card paper
card part
card relation
card substance
cardboard entity
cardboard material
cardboard paper
cardboard part
cardboard relation
cardboard substance
cardigan artifact
cardigan clothing
cardigan commodity
cardigan entity
cardigan garment
cardigan object
cardigan sweater
cardinal bishop
cardinal clergyman
cardinal entity
cardinal leader
cardinal object
cardinal organism
cardinal person
cardinal priest
cardinal status
cardiologist adult
cardiologist doctor
cardiologist entity
cardiologist object
cardiologist organism
cardiologist person
cardiologist professional
cardiology cognition
cardiology discipline
cardiology entity
cardiology medicine
cardiology science
care activity
care entity
care event
care work
care feel
career activity
career entity
career event
career occupation
career travel
carelessness entity
carelessness trait
caress entity
caress event
caress stroke
caress touch
caressing entity
caressing foreplay
caretaker custodian
caretaker defender
caretaker entity
caretaker object
caretaker organism
caretaker person
cargo artifact
cargo commodity
cargo entity
cargo merchandise
cargo object
caricature entity
caricature wit
caricature imitate
caricature reproduce
carnation entity
carnation flower
carnation object
carnation organism
carnival activity
carnival diversion
carnival entity
carnival event
carnivore animal
carnivore entity
carnivore mammal
carnivore object
carnivore organism
carnivore vertebrate
carol entity
carol music
carol song
carol act
carol interact
carol perform
carol sing
carousel belt
carousel curve
carousel entity
carp entity
carp seafood
carp solid
carpenter entity
carpenter object
carpenter organism
carpenter person
carpenter worker
carpenter work
carpentry activity
carpentry entity
carpentry event
carpentry occupation
carriageway artifact
carriageway entity
carriageway object
carriageway road
carriageway roadway
carrier entity
carrier object
carrier organism
carrier person
carrier traveler
carrot entity
carrot object
carrot root
carry action
carry entity
carry event
cart artifact
cart container
cart entity
cart object
cart vehicle
cart wagon
cartilage entity
cartilage tissue
cartographer entity
cartographer expert
cartographer geographer
cartographer object
cartographer organism
cartographer person
carton entity
cartoon entity
cartoon wit
cartoonist artist
cartoonist entity
cartoonist object
cartoonist organism
cartoonist person
carve cut
carving art
carving artifact
carving entity
carving object
carving sculpture
cascade entity
cascade waterfall
cascade descend
cascade travel
case entity
case event
case happening
case inspect
cash currency
cash entity
cash standard
cash exchange
cashew entity
cashew object
cashew organism
cashew tree
cashmere artifact
cashmere entity
cashmere fabric
cashmere object
casino artifact
casino building
casino entity
casino object
casino structure
casket surround
cassette artifact
cassette container
cassette entity
cassette object
cast entity
cast gathering
cast group
caste entity
caste status
caster entity
caster object
caster organism
caster person
caster worker
castration activity
castration entity
castration event
castration procedure
castration sterilization
casualty entity
casualty object
casualty organism
casualty person
casualty unfortunate
casualty victim
cat animal
cat carnivore
cat entity
cat feline
cat mammal
cat object
cat organism
cat vertebrate
catalog artifact
catalog book
catalog entity
catalog object
catalog publication
catalysis entity
catalyst activator
catalyst entity
catalyst part
catalyst relation
catalyst substance
cataract condition
cataract disease
cataract entity
cataract illness
catch bad
catch disadvantage
catch drawback
catch entity
catch quality
catch surprise
catcher athlete
catcher contestant
catcher entity
catcher fielder
catcher infielder
catcher object
catcher organism
catcher person
catcher player
catching action
catching entity
catching event
catechism entity
catechism event
catering activity
catering entity
catering event
catering occupation
caterpillar animal
caterpillar entity
caterpillar larva
caterpillar object
caterpillar organism
catfish entity
catfish seafood
catfish solid
cathedral artifact
cathedral building
cathedral entity
cathedral object
cathedral structure
catheter artifact
catheter conduit
catheter entity
catheter object
catheter tube
catholic entity
catholic object
catholic organism
catholic person
catholicism belief
catholicism cognition
catholicism entity
catholicism morality
catholicism quality
catholicism religion
cattle animal
cattle bovine
cattle entity
cattle mammal
cattle object
cattle organism
cattle vertebrate
catty entity
caucus entity
caucus gathering
caucus group
caucus meeting
caucus act
caucus interact
causality entity
causality relation
cause beginning
cause entity
cause event
cause happening
causeway artifact
causeway entity
causeway object
causeway road
causeway supply
causing entity
causing event
caustic chemical
caustic entity
caustic material
caustic part
caustic relation
caustic substance
caution entity
caution trait
caution act
caution inform
caution interact
caution warn
cavalier aristocrat
cavalier entity
cavalier leader
cavalier object
cavalier organism
cavalier person
cavalry entity
cavalry group
cavalry organization
cavalryman entity
cavalryman object
cavalryman organism
cavalryman person
cavalryman serviceman
cavalryman soldier
cavalryman worker
cave entity
cave object
cave change
cave empty
cavern entity
cavern location
cavern object
cavern change
cavern empty
caviar entity
caviar seafood
caviar solid
cease entity
cedar conifer
cedar entity
cedar object
cedar organism
cedar tree
ceiling artifact
ceiling entity
ceiling object
ceiling surface
celebration entity
celebration event
celebrity adult
celebrity entity
celebrity object
celebrity organism
celebrity person
celery entity
celery herb
celery object
celery organism
celibacy condition
celibacy entity
celibate entity
celibate object
celibate organism
celibate person
cell compartment
cell entity
cell location
cell object
cello artifact
cello device
cello entity
cello object
cellulite entity
cellulite tissue
cellulose carbohydrate
cellulose chemical
cellulose entity
cellulose material
cellulose molecule
cellulose part
cellulose relation
cellulose substance
cement artifact
cement concrete
cement entity
cement object
cement attach
cement connect
cemetery entity
cemetery location
cemetery object
cemetery site
cemetery tract
censor entity
censor object
censor organism
censor person
census activity
census entity
census event
census work
census count
census determine
cent entity
centaur cognition
centaur creativity
centaur entity
centaur imagination
centaur monster
centenarian adult
centenarian entity
centenarian object
centenarian organism
centenarian person
centennial anniversary
centennial entity
center area
center entity
center location
center object
centimeter entity
centipede animal
centipede entity
centipede invertebrate
centipede object
centipede organism
central entity
central location
central object
central workplace
centralism cognition
centralism entity
centralism idea
centralism plan
centralism policy
centrality entity
centrality relation
centralization action
centralization entity
centralization event
centralize change
centrifuge apparatus
centrifuge artifact
centrifuge entity
centrifuge equipment
centrifuge object
century entity
ceramic artifact
ceramic entity
ceramic object
ceramics activity
ceramics creation
ceramics entity
ceramics event
cereal entity
cereal grass
cereal herb
cereal object
cereal organism
cerebellum entity
cerebrum entity
ceremony entity
ceremony event
certainty condition
certainty entity
certificate document
certificate entity
certificate allocate
certificate award
certificate distribute
certification entity
certification event
certification management
chafe cognition
chafe entity
chafe evidence
chafe pain
chafe symptom
chafe change
chain entity
chain group
chain series
chain arrange
chain put
chair artifact
chair entity
chair furniture
chair object
chair control
chairmanship activity
chairmanship entity
chairmanship event
chairmanship occupation
chalet artifact
chalet building
chalet dwelling
chalet entity
chalet house
chalet housing
chalet object
chalet structure
chalice artifact
chalice container
chalice crockery
chalice cup
chalice entity
chalice object
chalice ware
chalk entity
chalk material
chalk mineral
chalk part
chalk relation
chalk spar
chalk substance
challenge entity
challenge situation
challenge act
challenge contest
challenge converse
challenge interact
challenge oppose
challenge talk
chamber artifact
chamber enclosure
chamber entity
chamber object
chamber structure
chamber shelter
chamber supply
chambermaid domestic
chambermaid entity
chambermaid maid
chambermaid object
chambermaid organism
chambermaid person
chambermaid servant
chambermaid worker
chameleon entity
chameleon object
chameleon organism
chameleon person
chamomile entity
chamomile herb
chamomile object
chamomile organism
champ chew
champagne alcohol
champagne beverage
champagne drug
champagne entity
champagne fluid
champagne food
champagne liquid
champagne part
champagne relation
champagne substance
champagne wine
champion contestant
champion entity
champion object
champion organism
champion person
champion rival
champion act
champion approve
champion authorize
champion back
champion permit
champion react
championship entity
championship status
chance happen
chancellery artifact
chancellery building
chancellery entity
chancellery object
chancellery structure
chancellorship activity
chancellorship entity
chancellorship event
chancellorship occupation
chandelier artifact
chandelier entity
chandelier fixture
chandelier object
change entity
change event
change happening
channel communication
channel entity
channel event
chant entity
chant music
chant song
chant act
chant interact
chaos confusion
chaos entity
chap entity
chap object
chap organism
chap person
chap crack
chapel artifact
chapel building
chapel entity
chapel object
chapel structure
chaperon defender
chaperon entity
chaperon object
chaperon organism
chaperon person
chaplain clergyman
chaplain entity
chaplain leader
chaplain object
chaplain organism
chaplain person
chapter entity
chapter music
chapter section
character cut
charcoal carbon
charcoal entity
charcoal fuel
charcoal part
charcoal relation
charcoal substance
charge activity
charge attack
charge entity
charge event
charger animal
charger entity
charger horse
charger mammal
charger object
charger organism
charger vertebrate
chariot artifact
chariot container
chariot entity
chariot object
chariot vehicle
charity entity
charity group
charity institution
charity organization
chart entity
chart map
charter document
charter entity
chase travel
chasm entity
chasm location
chasm object
chasm opening
chastity activity
chastity entity
chastity event
chat conversation
chat entity
cheat act
cheat interact
cheat treat
cheat wrong
check document
check draft
check entity
check analyze
checker assistant
checker attendant
checker entity
checker object
checker organism
checker person
checker worker
checkers activity
checkers entity
checkers event
checkers game
checklist database
checklist entity
checklist information
checklist list
checkmate entity
checkmate event
checkmate happening
checkmate success
checkmate victory
checkmate beat
checkpoint entity
checkpoint location
checkpoint object
checkup activity
checkup entity
checkup event
checkup examination
checkup work
cheek entity
cheek act
cheek interact
cheek talk
cheer entity
cheer arouse
cheer inspire
cheering encouragement
cheering entity
cheese entity
cheese food
cheese solid
cheese discontinue
cheetah animal
cheetah carnivore
cheetah entity
cheetah feline
cheetah mammal
cheetah object
cheetah organism
cheetah vertebrate
chef cook
chef entity
chef object
chef organism
chef person
chef worker
chemical entity
chemical material
chemical part
chemical relation
chemical substance
chemist entity
chemist object
chemist organism
chemist person
chemist scientist
chemistry cognition
chemistry discipline
chemistry entity
chemistry science
chemotherapy activity
chemotherapy care
chemotherapy entity
chemotherapy event
chemotherapy therapy
chemotherapy treatment
chemotherapy work
cherry entity
cherry material
cherry part
cherry relation
cherry substance
cherry wood
chess entity
chess grass
chess herb
chess object
chess organism
chessboard artifact
chessboard entity
chessboard object
chessboard surface
chestnut entity
chestnut material
chestnut part
chestnut relation
chestnut substance
chestnut wood
chew entity
chic elegance
chic entity
chic quality
chick animal
chick bird
chick entity
chick object
chick organism
chick vertebrate
chick young
chicken entity
chicken meat
chicken solid
chickenpox condition
chickenpox disease
chickenpox entity
chickenpox illness
child entity
child juvenile
child object
child organism
child person
childbirth entity
childhood entity
childishness age
childishness entity
childishness youngness
chili entity
chili food
chill agent
chill entity
chill temperature
chilliness agent
chilliness entity
chilliness temperature
chimney artifact
chimney conduit
chimney entity
chimney object
chimpanzee animal
chimpanzee ape
chimpanzee entity
chimpanzee mammal
chimpanzee object
chimpanzee organism
chimpanzee vertebrate
chin entity
chiropractic activity
chiropractic care
chiropractic entity
chiropractic event
chiropractic treatment
chiropractic work
chiropractor entity
chiropractor expert
chiropractor object
chiropractor organism
chiropractor person
chiropractor therapist
chirp entity
chirp event
chirp happening
chisel artifact
chisel entity
chisel implement
chisel object
chisel tool
chitchat chat
chitchat conversation
chitchat entity
chivalry entity
chivalry trait
chlamydia condition
chlamydia disease
chlamydia entity
chlamydia illness
chloride chemical
chloride entity
chloride material
chloride part
chloride relation
chloride substance
chlorine entity
chlorine group
chlorine halogen
chlorine part
chlorine relation
chlorine substance
chlorophyll entity
chlorophyll material
chlorophyll part
chlorophyll pigment
chlorophyll relation
chlorophyll substance
chloroplast entity
chloroplast grain
chloroplast material
chloroplast part
chloroplast relation
chloroplast substance
choice cognition
choice entity
choir entity
choir group
choir organization
choir act
choir interact
cholera condition
cholera disease
cholera entity
cholera illness
cholesterol chemical
cholesterol entity
cholesterol fluid
cholesterol liquid
cholesterol material
cholesterol part
cholesterol relation
cholesterol steroid
cholesterol substance
choose decide
chop entity
chop phenomenon
chop cut
chopstick artifact
chopstick entity
chopstick object
chopstick ware
chord entity
choreographer entity
choreographer object
choreographer organism
choreographer person
chorus entity
chorus event
chorus happening
chosen darling
chosen entity
chosen lover
chosen object
chosen organism
chosen person
christening activity
christening baptism
christening entity
christening event
christening sacrament
chrome chromium
chrome entity
chrome part
chrome relation
chrome substance
chrome coat
chrome cover
chrome plate
chromium entity
chromium part
chromium relation
chromium substance
chromosome entity
chromosome object
chronicle have
chronicle record
chronicler entity
chronicler historian
chronicler intellectual
chronicler object
chronicler organism
chronicler person
chronicler scholar
chronology entity
chronology relation
chuck throw
chump entity
chump object
chump organism
chump person
church entity
church group
church institution
church organization
church act
churchyard entity
churchyard location
churchyard object
churchyard tract
churn artifact
churn container
churn entity
churn object
churn stir
chute descend
chute dive
chute travel
cider beverage
cider entity
cider fluid
cider food
cider liquid
cider part
cider relation
cider substance
cigar drug
cigar entity
cigar material
cigar part
cigar relation
cigar substance
cigar tobacco
cigarette drug
cigarette entity
cigarette material
cigarette part
cigarette relation
cigarette substance
cigarette tobacco
cinnamon bark
cinnamon covering
cinnamon entity
cinnamon object
cipher entity
cipher message
circle ellipse
circle entity
circle travel
circuit artifact
circuit device
circuit entity
circuit object
circuit travel
circuitry artifact
circuitry entity
circuitry equipment
circuitry object
circular ad
circular entity
circular promotion
circularity entity
circularity shape
circulation communication
circulation dissemination
circulation entity
circulation event
circumcise cut
circumcision entity
circumference entity
circumference magnitude
circumference size
circumscription activity
circumscription entity
circumscription event
circumscription restraint
circumstance condition
circumstance entity
circus entity
circus group
circus organization
citation entity
citation signal
citation symbol
citizen entity
citizen national
citizen object
citizen organism
citizen person
citizenry entity
citizenry group
citizenship entity
citizenship status
citrus entity
citrus fruit
citrus object
citrus produce
citrus solid
city district
city entity
city location
city municipality
city object
cityscape attitude
cityscape cognition
cityscape entity
civics cognition
civics discipline
civics entity
civics science
civilian citizen
civilian entity
civilian national
civilian object
civilian organism
civilian person
civility entity
civility trait
civilization entity
civilization group
civilization society
claim assertion
claim declaration
claim entity
claim statement
claimant applicant
claimant entity
claimant object
claimant organism
claimant person
clairvoyant entity
clairvoyant object
clairvoyant organism
clairvoyant person
clairvoyant psychic
clam animal
clam entity
clam invertebrate
clam object
clam organism
clam gather
clamp artifact
clamp device
clamp entity
clamp object
clamp attach
clamp connect
clamp fasten
clampdown activity
clampdown entity
clampdown event
clang entity
clang event
clang happening
clang noise
clap put
clapper entity
clapper object
clapper organism
clapper person
clarification entity
clarification explanation
clarification statement
clarify act
clarify explain
clarify inform
clarify interact
clarinet artifact
clarinet device
clarinet entity
clarinet object
clarity comprehensibility
clarity entity
clarity quality
clasp artifact
clasp device
clasp entity
clasp object
clasp grasp
class collection
class entity
class group
classic artifact
classic entity
classic object
classics cognition
classics discipline
classics entity
classify categorize
classroom artifact
classroom entity
classroom object
classroom room
classroom structure
clause entity
clause group
clause language
clause sequence
clause series
clavicle bone
clavicle entity
clavicle tissue
claw entity
claw pass
claw travel
clay entity
clay material
clay part
clay relation
clay substance
clean change
cleaning action
cleaning entity
cleaning event
cleanliness activity
cleanliness continuance
cleanliness custom
cleanliness entity
cleanliness event
cleanliness practice
cleanness condition
cleanness entity
cleanse change
clear condition
clear entity
clearance distance
clearance entity
clearance placement
clearance relation
clearing entity
clearing location
clearing object
clearing tract
cleavage entity
cleaver artifact
cleaver entity
cleaver implement
cleaver knife
cleaver object
cleaver tool
cleft entity
cleft indentation
clergy entity
clergy group
clergy priesthood
clergy profession
clergyman entity
clergyman leader
clergyman object
clergyman organism
clergyman person
cleric clergyman
cleric entity
cleric leader
cleric object
cleric organism
cleric person
clerk employee
clerk entity
clerk object
clerk organism
clerk person
clerk worker
clerk work
client entity
client object
client organism
client person
cliff entity
cliff object
cliffhanger contest
cliffhanger entity
cliffhanger event
climate condition
climate entity
climatology cognition
climatology discipline
climatology entity
climatology science
climax entity
climax event
climax happening
climax juncture
climb rise
climb travel
climber entity
climber object
climber organism
climber vine
clincher argument
clincher entity
clincher indication
cling entity
cling fruit
cling object
cling produce
cling solid
clinic entity
clinic group
clinic institution
clinic organization
clipping entity
clipping excerpt
clipping music
clipping section
clique entity
clique group
clitoris entity
clitoris organ
cloak artifact
cloak entity
cloak object
clock artifact
clock device
clock entity
clock instrument
clock object
clock act
clock interact
clockwork artifact
clockwork device
clockwork entity
clockwork object
clog artifact
clog entity
clog object
clog impede
cloning activity
cloning entity
cloning event
cloning research
cloning work
closeness belonging
closeness entity
closeness feeling
closer entity
closer object
closer organism
closer person
closet forget
closet restrain
closure change
clot collection
clot entity
clot group
clothespin artifact
clothespin device
clothespin entity
clothespin object
clothing artifact
clothing commodity
clothing entity
clothing object
cloud entity
cloud phenomenon
cloudiness entity
cloudiness phenomenon
cloudiness weather
clove entity
clove object
clove sprout
clover entity
clover herb
clover object
clover organism
clown entity
clown fool
clown object
clown organism
clown person
clown simpleton
club join
club unite
cluster act
cluster interact
clutter condition
clutter disorderliness
clutter entity
clutter change
clutter fill
coach entity
coach leader
coach object
coach organism
coach person
coach trainer
coach act
coach inform
coach interact
coach teach
coaching activity
coaching entity
coaching event
coaching occupation
coachman entity
coachman object
coachman organism
coachman person
coachman worker
coal entity
coal fuel
coast glide
coast travel
coaster entity
coaster inhabitant
coaster object
coaster organism
coaster person
coaster resident
coastguard entity
coastguard group
coastguard organization
coastline boundary
coastline entity
coastline location
coastline object
coastline outline
coastline region
coat artifact
coat clothing
coat commodity
coat entity
coat garment
coat object
coat cover
coating artifact
coating entity
coating object
cobalt entity
cobalt part
cobalt relation
cobalt substance
cobra animal
cobra entity
cobra object
cobra organism
cobra reptile
cobra snake
cobra vertebrate
cobweb artifact
cobweb entity
cobweb fabric
cobweb object
cocaine drug
cocaine entity
cocaine narcotic
cock entity
cock organ
cock penis
cock cant
cockatoo animal
cockatoo bird
cockatoo entity
cockatoo object
cockatoo organism
cockatoo parrot
cockatoo vertebrate
cockfight contest
cockfight entity
cockfight event
cockpit artifact
cockpit entity
cockpit object
cockpit room
cockpit structure
cockroach animal
cockroach entity
cockroach insect
cockroach invertebrate
cockroach object
cockroach organism
cocktail alcohol
cocktail beverage
cocktail drug
cocktail entity
cocktail fluid
cocktail food
cocktail liquid
cocktail part
cocktail relation
cocktail substance
cocoa beverage
cocoa entity
cocoa fluid
cocoa food
cocoa liquid
cocoa part
cocoa relation
cocoa substance
coconut entity
coconut solid
cocoon entity
cocoon object
cocoon travel
code entity
code attach
code connect
code tag
codex database
codex entity
codex information
codex list
coefficient entity
coercion enforcement
coercion entity
coercion event
coexist exist
coexistence being
coexistence entity
coffee beverage
coffee entity
coffee fluid
coffee food
coffee liquid
coffee part
coffee relation
coffee substance
coffin artifact
coffin box
coffin container
coffin entity
coffin object
coffin put
cog assistant
cog entity
cog object
cog organism
cog person
cog subordinate
cog worker
cog change
cog flatten
cognac alcohol
cognac beverage
cognac brandy
cognac drug
cognac entity
cognac fluid
cognac food
cognac liquid
cognac liquor
cognac part
cognac relation
cognac substance
cognition entity
cohabitation entity
cohabitation event
cohabitation occupancy
cohabitation residency
coherence entity
cohort entity
cohort gathering
cohort group
coil artifact
coil entity
coil object
coil structure
coin coinage
coin currency
coin entity
coin standard
coinage currency
coinage entity
coinage standard
coincide exist
coincidence entity
coincidence event
coincidence happening
coke entity
coke fuel
cola entity
cola group
colander artifact
colander device
colander entity
colander filter
colander object
colander strainer
cold condition
cold disease
cold entity
cold illness
colic cognition
colic entity
colic evidence
colic pain
colic symptom
collaborate work
collaboration cooperation
collaboration entity
collaboration event
collage artifact
collage entity
collage object
collage picture
collapse condition
collapse entity
collapse illness
collar artifact
collar entity
collar object
collar seize
collateral assets
collateral entity
collateral relation
collateral share
colleague associate
colleague entity
colleague object
colleague organism
colleague peer
colleague person
collect entity
collect event
collectible entity
collectible object
collection entity
collection group
collective entity
collective group
collective organization
collector entity
collector object
collector organism
collector person
college entity
college group
collision entity
collision event
collision happening
colon entity
colon intestine
colon organ
colonel entity
colonel object
colonel organism
colonel person
colonel serviceman
colonel worker
colonial entity
colonial inhabitant
colonial object
colonial organism
colonial person
colonial resident
colonialism activity
colonialism entity
colonialism event
colonialism practice
colonialist advocate
colonialist believer
colonialist entity
colonialist object
colonialist organism
colonialist person
colonialist supporter
colonization action
colonization entity
colonization event
colonize annex
colony entity
colony group
color entity
color change
coloring entity
coloring food
colors artifact
colors decoration
colors emblem
colors entity
colors flag
colors object
colt animal
colt entity
colt foal
colt male
colt object
colt organism
colt young
columbine entity
columbine flower
columbine object
columbine organism
column entity
column formation
column group
columnist entity
columnist journalist
columnist object
columnist organism
columnist person
columnist writer
coma condition
coma entity
comb artifact
comb device
comb entity
comb object
comb change
combat battle
combat entity
combat event
combatant entity
combatant object
combatant organism
combatant person
combination collection
combination entity
combination group
combine artifact
combine device
combine entity
combine machine
combine object
combining entity
combining event
combining happening
combustible entity
combustible fuel
combustion entity
combustion oxidation
come travel
comedian entertainer
comedian entity
comedian object
comedian organism
comedian performer
comedian person
comedienne actor
comedienne entertainer
comedienne entity
comedienne object
comedienne organism
comedienne performer
comedienne person
comedy entity
comet entity
comet object
comfort condition
comfort entity
comma entity
comma signal
comma symbol
command entity
command event
command control
commandment command
commandment entity
commandment event
commando entity
commando object
commando organism
commando person
commando serviceman
commando worker
commemoration ceremony
commemoration entity
commemoration event
commemorative entity
commemorative object
commend praise
comment note
comment state
commerce entity
commerce event
commerce transaction
commercial ad
commercial entity
commercial promotion
commercialization activity
commercialization entity
commercialization event
commercialization exploitation
commercialization use
commercialize use
commiserate feel
commissary artifact
commissary entity
commissary object
commissary shop
commissary structure
commission equip
commission supply
commissioner entity
commissioner leader
commissioner object
commissioner organism
commissioner person
committee entity
committee group
committee organization
committeeman associate
committeeman entity
committeeman member
committeeman object
committeeman organism
committeeman peer
committeeman person
commodity artifact
commodity entity
commodity object
commodore entity
commodore object
commodore organism
commodore person
commodore serviceman
commodore worker
commonalty entity
commonalty group
commonalty people
commoner entity
commoner object
commoner organism
commoner person
commonwealth district
commonwealth entity
commonwealth location
commonwealth object
commonwealth state
commune district
commune entity
commune location
commune object
commune act
commune interact
communication entity
communication event
communion activity
communion entity
communion event
communion practice
communism economy
communism entity
communism group
communist entity
communist leader
communist object
communist organism
communist person
community entity
community gathering
community group
commute action
commute entity
commute event
commute journey
commute travel
commuter artifact
commuter entity
commuter object
commuter train
compact artifact
compact container
compact entity
compact object
compact be
companion entity
companion friend
companion object
companion organism
companion person
company entity
company group
company institution
company organization
company act
company consort
company interact
comparative adjective
comparative entity
comparative modifier
comparative part
comparative relation
comparative word
compare analyze
comparison activity
comparison entity
comparison event
comparison examination
comparison work
compartment entity
compartment location
compartment object
compartmentalization condition
compartmentalization entity
compass artifact
compass device
compass entity
compass instrument
compass object
compass achieve
compass succeed
compassion entity
compassion feeling
compatibility entity
compatibility feeling
compatriot entity
compatriot national
compatriot object
compatriot organism
compatriot person
compensate adjust
compensate balance
compensate change
compensation cost
compensation entity
compensation payment
compensation relation
competence ability
competence entity
competence quality
competition entity
competition relation
competitiveness aggressiveness
competitiveness entity
competitiveness trait
compilation artifact
compilation entity
compilation object
compilation publication
compiler entity
compiler object
compiler organism
compiler person
compiler writer
complacency contentment
complacency entity
complacency feeling
complacency satisfaction
complement entity
complement group
complement language
complement sequence
complement series
complement adjust
complement balance
complement change
complete change
completeness entity
completeness integrity
completion action
completion entity
completion event
complex cognition
complex concept
complex entity
complex idea
complex whole
complexion color
complexion entity
complexion change
complexion color
complexion tint
complexity entity
complexity quality
complicate change
complicatedness complexity
complicatedness entity
complicatedness quality
complication entity
complication event
complicity condition
complicity entity
complicity guilt
compliment entity
compliment praise
comply obey
component cognition
component concept
component entity
component idea
compose constitute
composer artist
composer entity
composer object
composer organism
composer person
composition entity
composition placement
composition relation
compost entity
compost mixture
compost part
compost relation
compost substance
compost change
composure disposition
composure entity
composure trait
compound cognition
compound concept
compound entity
compound idea
compound whole
comprehensibility entity
comprehensibility quality
comprehension cognition
comprehension entity
comprehension knowing
comprehension understanding
comprehensiveness completeness
comprehensiveness entity
comprehensiveness integrity
compress artifact
compress entity
compress object
compromise cooperation
compromise entity
compromise event
compulsion entity
compulsion motivation
compulsive entity
compulsive object
compulsive organism
compulsive person
computer artifact
computer device
computer entity
computer machine
computer object
con argument
con entity
con indication
concentration entity
concept cognition
concept entity
concept idea
concern condition
concern curiosity
concern entity
concern interest
concert entity
concert event
concert performance
concerto entity
concerto music
concession agreement
concession contract
concession document
concession entity
concession statement
conch animal
conch entity
conch invertebrate
conch object
conch organism
conciliation entity
conciliation peace
conclave entity
conclave gathering
conclave group
conclave meeting
concoction entity
concoction food
concrete artifact
concrete entity
concrete object
concrete cover
concubine adult
concubine entity
concubine mistress
concubine object
concubine organism
concubine person
concubine woman
concurrence entity
concurrence event
concussion accident
concussion entity
concussion event
concussion happening
concussion misfortune
condemn comment
condemn denounce
condemn note
condemn state
condensation cognition
condensation entity
condescension activity
condescension arrogance
condescension entity
condescension event
condescension transgression
condiment entity
condiment food
condition entity
condition act
condition inform
condition interact
condition teach
conditioning cognition
conditioning entity
conditioning learning
condolence entity
condom artifact
condom contraceptive
condom device
condom entity
condom object
condominium artifact
condominium dwelling
condominium entity
condominium housing
condominium object
condominium structure
condor animal
condor bird
condor entity
condor object
condor organism
condor vertebrate
condor vulture
conduct control
conduction entity
conduction phenomenon
conductor artist
conductor entity
conductor object
conductor organism
conductor person
conduit artifact
conduit entity
conduit object
cone artifact
cone entity
cone object
cone cut
confectioner entity
confectioner maker
confectioner object
confectioner organism
confectioner person
confectionery dainty
confectionery entity
confectionery food
confederate advocate
confederate entity
confederate inhabitant
confederate object
confederate organism
confederate person
confederate supporter
confer act
confer interact
conference entity
conference gathering
conference group
conference meeting
confess admit
confession entity
confessional artifact
confessional entity
confessional object
confessional room
confessional structure
confessor clergyman
confessor entity
confessor leader
confessor object
confessor organism
confessor person
confessor priest
confessor status
confide act
confide inform
confide interact
confidentiality entity
confidentiality isolation
confidentiality separation
configuration cognition
configuration entity
configure assemble
configure connect
confirmation cognition
confirmation entity
confirmation evidence
confirmation proof
confiscation entity
confiscation event
conflict entity
conflict event
conflict differ
confluence entity
confluence location
confluence object
conformation artifact
conformation entity
conformation object
conformation structure
conformist adult
conformist conservative
conformist entity
conformist object
conformist organism
conformist person
conformity entity
conformity quality
confrontation entity
confrontation event
confuse mistake
confuse remember
confusion entity
congestion cognition
congestion entity
congestion evidence
congestion symptom
conglomeration entity
congratulation entity
congratulation event
congregate act
congregate interact
congregation entity
congregation group
congress entity
congress gathering
congress group
congress legislature
congressman entity
congressman leader
congressman legislator
congressman object
congressman organism
congressman person
congressman politician
conifer entity
conifer object
conifer organism
conifer tree
conjuncture entity
conjuncture event
conjuncture happening
conjuncture juncture
connection entity
connection relation
connectivity entity
conqueror combatant
conqueror entity
conqueror object
conqueror organism
conqueror person
conqueror victor
conquest capture
conquest entity
conquest event
conscience entity
conscience motivation
consciousness condition
consciousness entity
conscription entity
conscription event
conscription mobilization
consecration cooperation
consecration entity
consecration event
consensus entity
consent entity
consent permission
consequence entity
consequence phenomenon
conservation change
conservation entity
conservation event
conservation happening
conservation improvement
conservation transformation
conservatism attitude
conservatism cognition
conservatism entity
conservative adult
conservative entity
conservative object
conservative organism
conservative person
conservatory entity
conservatory group
conservatory institution
conservatory organization
conservatory school
conserve dainty
conserve entity
conserve food
conserve keep
consideration cognition
consideration entity
consideration thinking
consistency entity
consolation entity
consolation feeling
consolation pleasure
consolidate unify
consolidation combining
consolidation entity
consolidation event
consolidation happening
consonance entity
consonance rhyme
consonant entity
consonant part
consonant relation
consort entity
consort object
consort organism
consort person
consort relative
consort spouse
consort act
consort interact
consortium association
consortium entity
consortium group
consortium organization
conspiracy agreement
conspiracy entity
conspiracy statement
conspirator criminal
conspirator entity
conspirator object
conspirator organism
conspirator person
constable defender
constable entity
constable object
constable organism
constable person
constancy entity
constancy quality
constant cognition
constant concept
constant entity
constant idea
constipation cognition
constipation entity
constipation evidence
constipation symptom
constituency entity
constituency group
constitutional action
constitutional entity
constitutional event
constitutional travel
constraint entity
constraint subjugation
constriction entity
constriction shape
construction activity
construction creation
construction entity
construction event
constructiveness entity
constructiveness quality
consul diplomat
consul entity
consul object
consul official
consul organism
consul person
consul worker
consulate artifact
consulate building
consulate entity
consulate object
consulate structure
consult act
consult ask
consult interact
consultation entity
consumer entity
consumer object
consumer organism
consumer person
consumer user
consummate cause
consummate change
consummate complete
consummate effect
consumption entity
contact action
contact entity
contact event
contact interaction
container artifact
container entity
container object
containment cognition
containment entity
containment idea
containment plan
containment policy
contaminant entity
contaminant material
contaminant part
contaminant relation
contaminant substance
contamination condition
contamination entity
contemplate analyze
contemplation activity
contemplation entity
contemplation event
contemplation stare
contemporary entity
contemporary object
contemporary organism
contemporary peer
contemporary person
contempt entity
contempt feeling
contend claim
content collection
content entity
content group
content change
contention assertion
contention declaration
contention entity
contention statement
contentment entity
contentment feeling
contents array
contents database
contents entity
contents group
contents information
contents list
contents table
contest entity
contest event
contest act
contest converse
contest interact
contest oppose
contest talk
contestant entity
contestant object
contestant organism
contestant person
context discourse
context entity
context part
context relation
continence entity
continence trait
continent entity
continent landmass
continent object
contingent entity
contingent gathering
contingent group
continuance activity
continuance entity
continuance event
continue act
continuity coherence
continuity entity
continuum entity
contour entity
contour indication
contraband artifact
contraband commodity
contraband entity
contraband merchandise
contraband object
contraception activity
contraception entity
contraception event
contraception preparation
contraceptive artifact
contraceptive device
contraceptive entity
contraceptive object
contract agreement
contract document
contract entity
contract statement
contract declare
contract promise
contract state
contraction action
contraction entity
contraction event
contractor entity
contractor object
contractor organism
contractor person
contradict differ
contradiction entity
contradiction relation
contradictory entity
contradictory relation
contrast entity
contrast relation
contrast distinguish
contrast identify
contribution activity
contribution attempt
contribution entity
contribution event
control entity
control power
control quality
controversy dispute
controversy entity
controversy event
convection entity
convene act
convene interact
convenience comfort
convenience condition
convenience entity
convent artifact
convent building
convent dwelling
convent entity
convent house
convent housing
convent object
convent structure
convention entity
convention gathering
convention group
convention meeting
convergence entity
convergence event
convergence happening
conversation entity
converse entity
converse proposition
converse statement
converse act
converse interact
converse talk
conversion change
conversion entity
conversion event
conversion happening
conversion transformation
convert entity
convert object
convert organism
convert person
convert change
converter artifact
converter device
converter entity
converter object
convertible artifact
convertible car
convertible container
convertible entity
convertible object
convertible vehicle
convey act
convey impart
convey inform
convey interact
conveyance document
conveyance entity
convict entity
convict object
convict organism
convict person
convict prisoner
convict unfortunate
conviction belief
conviction cognition
conviction entity
convoy collection
convoy entity
convoy event
convoy group
convoy escort
convoy travel
cook entity
cook object
cook organism
cook person
cook worker
cookbook artifact
cookbook book
cookbook entity
cookbook object
cookbook publication
cooker artifact
cooker entity
cooker implement
cooker object
cooker utensil
cookie entity
cookie solid
cooking action
cooking entity
cooking event
cool agent
cool entity
cool temperature
cool change
cooler artifact
cooler commodity
cooler entity
cooler object
cooling entity
coolness entity
coolness feeling
cooperation entity
cooperation event
cooperative entity
cooperative group
cooperative organization
coordinate entity
coordination entity
coordination skillfulness
coordinator entity
coordinator intellectual
coordinator object
coordinator organism
coordinator organizer
coordinator person
cope act
copper entity
copper material
copper part
copper relation
copper substance
copper coat
copper cover
copperplate entity
copperplate handwriting
coppersmith entity
coppersmith object
coppersmith organism
coppersmith person
coppersmith worker
copulate connect
copy change
copybook artifact
copybook book
copybook entity
copybook object
copybook publication
copyist employee
copyist entity
copyist object
copyist organism
copyist person
copyist worker
copyright abstraction
copyright cognition
copyright concept
copyright document
copyright entity
copyright idea
copyright right
copyright get
copyright obtain
copyright procure
copywriter employee
copywriter entity
copywriter object
copywriter organism
copywriter person
copywriter worker
coral color
coral entity
coral pink
cord artifact
cord entity
cord object
cord arrange
cord put
core collection
core entity
core group
core set
core change
core empty
cork bark
cork covering
cork entity
cork material
cork object
cork part
cork relation
cork substance
cork change
cork plug
cork repair
corn cereal
corn entity
corn grass
corn herb
corn object
corn organism
cornea entity
cornea tissue
corner area
corner entity
corner location
corner object
corner control
cornfield entity
cornfield field
cornfield location
cornfield object
cornfield tract
coronation ceremony
coronation entity
coronation event
coronation initiation
corporal entity
corporal object
corporal organism
corporal person
corporal serviceman
corporal worker
corporation business
corporation entity
corporation firm
corporation group
corporation organization
corps entity
corps group
corps organization
corral surround
correction action
correction entity
correction event
corrective artifact
corrective device
corrective entity
corrective object
correctness entity
correctness quality
correlate cognition
correlate concept
correlate entity
correlate idea
correlate equal
correlate match
correlation entity
correlation relation
correspondence entity
correspondence mail
correspondence message
correspondent entity
correspondent object
correspondent organism
correspondent person
corridor artifact
corridor entity
corridor object
corrosion condition
corrosion deterioration
corrosion entity
corrosive chemical
corrosive entity
corrosive material
corrosive part
corrosive relation
corrosive substance
corrupt change
corruptness entity
corruptness standing
corruptness status
cosmetic artifact
cosmetic entity
cosmetic object
cosmetology activity
cosmetology entity
cosmetology event
cosmetology use
cosmologist astronomer
cosmologist entity
cosmologist object
cosmologist organism
cosmologist person
cosmologist physicist
cosmologist scientist
cosmology cognition
cosmology discipline
cosmology entity
cosmology metaphysics
cosmopolitan adult
cosmopolitan entity
cosmopolitan object
cosmopolitan organism
cosmopolitan person
cost entity
cost relation
cost be
costing accountancy
costing activity
costing entity
costing event
costing occupation
costume artifact
costume attire
costume clothing
costume commodity
costume entity
costume object
cotton entity
cotton fiber
cotton material
cotton part
cotton relation
cotton substance
cougar animal
cougar carnivore
cougar cat
cougar entity
cougar feline
cougar mammal
cougar object
cougar organism
cougar vertebrate
cough cognition
cough entity
cough evidence
cough symptom
council entity
council group
council organization
councilman associate
councilman entity
councilman member
councilman object
councilman organism
councilman peer
councilman person
counselor adviser
counselor entity
counselor expert
counselor object
counselor organism
counselor person
count entity
count determine
counter artifact
counter entity
counter furniture
counter object
counter answer
counter state
counterattack activity
counterattack attack
counterattack entity
counterattack event
counterattack attack
counterfeit artifact
counterfeit entity
counterfeit object
countermeasure action
countermeasure decision
countermeasure entity
countermeasure event
countermeasure measure
countermeasure move
counteroffensive activity
counteroffensive entity
counteroffensive event
counterpart cognition
counterpart entity
counterpart equivalent
countersign contract
countersign declare
countersign promise
countersign state
counterweight artifact
counterweight entity
counterweight object
counterweight differ
countess aristocrat
countess entity
countess leader
countess object
countess organism
countess person
countryman compatriot
countryman entity
countryman national
countryman object
countryman organism
countryman person
countryside entity
countryside location
countryside object
county entity
county location
county object
county region
coupe artifact
coupe car
coupe container
coupe entity
coupe object
coupe vehicle
couple entity
couple gathering
couple group
coupon document
coupon entity
courage entity
courage trait
course activity
course education
course entity
course event
course pass
course travel
course traverse
court entity
court gathering
court group
courtesy action
courtesy entity
courtesy event
courthouse artifact
courthouse building
courthouse entity
courthouse object
courthouse structure
courtier assistant
courtier attendant
courtier entity
courtier object
courtier organism
courtier person
courtier worker
courtliness elegance
courtliness entity
courtliness quality
courtship entity
courtship event
cousin entity
cousin object
cousin organism
cousin person
cousin relative
couture activity
couture dressmaking
couture entity
couture event
couture occupation
cove entity
cove inlet
covenant agreement
covenant document
covenant entity
covenant statement
covenant declare
covenant pledge
covenant promise
covenant state
coverage assets
coverage entity
coverage relation
coverage sum
covering entity
covering object
covert entity
covert group
cow animal
cow bovine
cow cattle
cow entity
cow mammal
cow object
cow organism
cow vertebrate
coward entity
coward object
coward organism
coward person
cowardice entity
cowardice trait
cowboy employee
cowboy entity
cowboy laborer
cowboy object
cowboy organism
cowboy person
cowboy worker
cowboy workman
cowgirl cowboy
cowgirl employee
cowgirl entity
cowgirl laborer
cowgirl object
cowgirl organism
cowgirl person
cowgirl worker
cowgirl workman
coyote animal
coyote carnivore
coyote entity
coyote mammal
coyote object
coyote organism
coyote vertebrate
coyote wolf
crab animal
crab crustacean
crab entity
crab invertebrate
crab object
crab organism
crab control
crab steer
crack entity
crack location
crack object
crack opening
cracker bread
cracker entity
cracker food
cracker solid
cradle artifact
cradle entity
cradle furniture
cradle object
craft fashion
craftsman adult
craftsman entity
craftsman object
craftsman organism
craftsman person
craftsman professional
crammer entity
crammer object
crammer organism
crammer person
crammer student
cramp attach
cramp connect
cramp fasten
cranberry entity
cranberry object
cranberry organism
cranberry shrub
crane change
cranium bone
cranium entity
cranium tissue
crankshaft artifact
crankshaft entity
crankshaft implement
crankshaft object
crankshaft rod
crap entity
crap material
crap part
crap relation
crap substance
crap waste
crash descend
crash travel
crate artifact
crate box
crate container
crate entity
crate object
crate surround
crave desire
crawl action
crawl entity
crawl event
crawl travel
crayon artifact
crayon entity
crayon implement
crayon object
craziness condition
craziness entity
craziness insanity
crazy entity
crazy lunatic
crazy object
crazy organism
crazy person
crazy unfortunate
cream elite
cream entity
cream group
cream people
creation activity
creation entity
creation event
creationism belief
creationism cognition
creationism doctrine
creationism entity
creativity cognition
creativity entity
credence attitude
credence cognition
credence entity
credibility entity
credibility quality
creditor entity
creditor object
creditor organism
creditor person
creed belief
creed cognition
creed doctrine
creed entity
creep entity
creep object
creep organism
creep person
creeper entity
creeper object
creeper organism
cremate burn
cremation action
cremation burning
cremation entity
cremation event
cremation incineration
crematory artifact
crematory building
crematory entity
crematory object
crematory structure
creole entity
creole inhabitant
creole object
creole organism
creole person
crescent curve
crescent entity
crest entity
crest location
crest object
crevasse crack
crevasse entity
crevasse location
crevasse object
crevasse opening
crevice entity
crew entity
crew group
crew organization
crew staff
cricket animal
cricket entity
cricket insect
cricket invertebrate
cricket object
cricket organism
cricket compete
cricket play
crime activity
crime entity
crime event
crime transgression
criminal entity
criminal object
criminal organism
criminal person
criminology cognition
criminology discipline
criminology entity
criminology science
criminology sociology
crimp fold
crimson color
crimson entity
crimson red
cripple entity
cripple object
cripple organism
cripple person
cripple change
cripple weaken
crisis condition
crisis entity
critic adult
critic entity
critic object
critic organism
critic person
critic professional
criticism entity
critter animal
critter entity
critter object
critter organism
crochet artifact
crochet entity
crochet object
crock diffuse
crock spread
crockery artifact
crockery entity
crockery object
crockery ware
crocodile animal
crocodile entity
crocodile object
crocodile organism
crocodile reptile
crocodile vertebrate
crook bend
crop commerce
crop entity
crop event
crop transaction
crop change
croquet activity
croquet diversion
croquet entity
croquet event
croquet game
croquet sport
croquet hit
croquette entity
croquette food
cross artifact
cross entity
cross object
cross structure
crossbow artifact
crossbow device
crossbow entity
crossbow instrument
crossbow object
crossbow weapon
crossfire conversation
crossfire entity
crossing action
crossing entity
crossing event
crossing travel
crow animal
crow bird
crow entity
crow object
crow organism
crow vertebrate
crowbar artifact
crowbar entity
crowbar implement
crowbar lever
crowbar object
crowd entity
crowd gathering
crowd group
crown entity
crown signal
crown symbol
crucible artifact
crucible container
crucible entity
crucible object
crucifix artifact
crucifix decoration
crucifix emblem
crucifix entity
crucifix object
crucifixion entity
crucifixion event
crucifixion execution
crucifixion punishment
cruelty activity
cruelty entity
cruelty event
cruelty maltreatment
cruelty practice
cruise action
cruise entity
cruise event
cruise travel
cruiser artifact
cruiser car
cruiser container
cruiser entity
cruiser object
cruiser vehicle
crumb entity
crumb coat
crumb cover
crusade praise
crusher artifact
crusher device
crusher entity
crusher object
crust entity
crust location
crust object
crust region
crustacean animal
crustacean entity
crustacean invertebrate
crustacean object
crustacean organism
crutch artifact
crutch entity
crutch implement
crutch object
crutch stick
cry entity
cry utterance
crying entity
crypt artifact
crypt chamber
crypt enclosure
crypt entity
crypt location
crypt object
crypt structure
crystal entity
crystal solid
crystallize change
cub entity
cub object
cub organism
cub person
cub produce
cube entity
cube calculate
cube multiply
cubism entity
cubism group
cucumber entity
cucumber object
cucumber organism
cucumber vine
cuddle activity
cuddle embrace
cuddle entity
cuddle event
cue entity
cue text
cuff artifact
cuff entity
cuff flap
cuff object
cuff slap
cuff strike
cuff touch
cuisine action
cuisine cooking
cuisine entity
cuisine event
culminate end
cult entity
cult group
cult institution
cult organization
cultist entity
cultist follower
cultist object
cultist organism
cultist person
cultivation entity
cultivation event
culture entity
culture group
culture society
culture change
cumin entity
cumin herb
cumin object
cumin organism
cummerbund artifact
cummerbund entity
cummerbund object
cumulus entity
cumulus phenomenon
cunnilingus entity
cunt entity
cunt object
cunt organism
cunt person
cup artifact
cup container
cup crockery
cup entity
cup object
cup ware
cup change
cupboard artifact
cupboard entity
cupboard object
cupboard structure
curability entity
curability quality
curate clergyman
curate entity
curate leader
curate object
curate organism
curate person
curator custodian
curator defender
curator entity
curator object
curator organism
curator person
curb artifact
curb entity
curb object
curb surface
curd entity
curd food
curfew deadline
curfew entity
curiosity condition
curiosity entity
curling activity
curling entity
curling event
curling game
currant berry
currant entity
currant fruit
currant object
currant produce
currant solid
currency entity
currency standard
current entity
current phenomenon
curry entity
curry food
curry season
curse entity
curse utterance
cursor artifact
cursor device
cursor entity
cursor object
curtailment entity
curtain artifact
curtain entity
curtain object
curtain supply
curvature condition
curvature entity
curve entity
cushion modify
custodian defender
custodian entity
custodian object
custodian organism
custodian person
custom activity
custom continuance
custom entity
custom event
custom practice
customer consumer
customer entity
customer object
customer organism
customer person
customer user
customs entity
customs levy
customs relation
customs tax
cut assets
cut entity
cut relation
cut share
cutback action
cutback entity
cutback event
cuticle covering
cuticle entity
cuticle object
cuticle skin
cuticle tissue
cutthroat criminal
cutthroat entity
cutthroat killer
cutthroat murderer
cutthroat object
cutthroat organism
cutthroat person
cuttlefish animal
cuttlefish entity
cuttlefish invertebrate
cuttlefish object
cuttlefish organism
cyan color
cyan entity
cyan green
cyborg entity
cyborg object
cyborg organism
cyborg person
cycle entity
cycling activity
cycling diversion
cycling entity
cycling event
cycling sport
cyclist entity
cyclist object
cyclist organism
cyclist person
cyclist rider
cyclist traveler
cyclone entity
cyclone phenomenon
cyclone weather
cylinder entity
cymbal artifact
cymbal device
cymbal entity
cymbal object
cypress entity
cypress material
cypress part
cypress relation
cypress substance
cypress wood
cyst condition
cyst entity
cytoplasm entity
cytoplasm part
cytoplasm relation
cytoplasm substance
czar entity
czar negotiator
czar object
czar organism
czar person
czar representative
czar ruler
czar sovereign
dab cover
dachshund animal
dachshund carnivore
dachshund dog
dachshund entity
dachshund mammal
dachshund object
dachshund organism
dachshund vertebrate
dad ancestor
dad entity
dad father
dad object
dad organism
dad parent
dad person
dad relative
daffodil entity
daffodil object
daffodil organism
dagger artifact
dagger device
dagger entity
dagger instrument
dagger object
dagger weapon
daily artifact
daily entity
daily medium
daily newspaper
daily object
dainty entity
dainty food
dairy entity
dairy farm
dairy location
dairy object
dairy workplace
daisy entity
daisy flower
daisy object
daisy organism
dalmatian entity
dalmatian inhabitant
dalmatian object
dalmatian organism
dalmatian person
dam artifact
dam barrier
dam entity
dam object
dam obstruction
dam structure
dam impede
damage change
damage entity
damage event
damage happening
damage change
damages compensation
damages cost
damages entity
damages payment
damages relation
dame adult
dame entity
dame girl
dame object
dame organism
dame person
dame woman
damn entity
damn quality
damnation entity
damnation event
damned entity
damned group
damned people
damp condition
damp entity
damp wetness
damsel adult
damsel entity
damsel girl
damsel object
damsel organism
damsel person
damsel woman
dance art
dance artifact
dance entity
dance object
dancer entertainer
dancer entity
dancer object
dancer organism
dancer performer
dancer person
dancing activity
dancing cognition
dancing discipline
dancing diversion
dancing entity
dancing event
dandelion entity
dandelion herb
dandelion object
dandelion organism
dandruff condition
dandruff disease
dandruff entity
dandruff illness
dandy adult
dandy entity
dandy man
dandy object
dandy organism
dandy person
danger condition
danger entity
dangle hang
dankness condition
dankness damp
dankness entity
dankness wetness
dare entity
dare event
daredevil adventurer
daredevil entity
daredevil object
daredevil organism
daredevil person
dark entity
darling entity
darling lover
darling object
darling organism
darling person
dart artifact
dart device
dart entity
dart instrument
dart object
dart projectile
dart weapon
darts activity
darts entity
darts event
darts game
dash elegance
dash entity
dash quality
data collection
data entity
data group
database entity
database information
date day
date entity
date leave
dating activity
dating analysis
dating entity
dating event
dating work
daughter entity
daughter object
daughter offspring
daughter organism
daughter person
daughter relative
dawn cognition
dawn entity
day entity
daycare activity
daycare entity
daycare event
days entity
deacon entity
deacon object
deacon official
deacon organism
deacon person
deacon worker
dead entity
dead group
dead people
deadline entity
deadlock condition
deadlock entity
deaf entity
deaf group
deaf people
deafness condition
deafness disability
deafness entity
deal entity
deal event
deal transaction
dealing entity
dealing event
dealing management
dean administrator
dean entity
dean leader
dean object
dean organism
dean person
death change
death entity
death event
death happening
deathbed entity
debate act
debate interact
debit entity
debris entity
debris material
debris part
debris relation
debris rubbish
debris substance
debris waste
debt entity
debt indebtedness
debtor entity
debtor object
debtor organism
debtor person
debugger entity
debugger software
debut cause
decade entity
decal artifact
decal decoration
decal entity
decal material
decal object
decal paper
decal part
decal relation
decal substance
decapitation entity
decapitation event
decapitation execution
decapitation punishment
decathlon contest
decathlon entity
decathlon event
decay entity
deceive act
deceive interact
deceive treat
deceive wrong
deceiver entity
deceiver object
deceiver organism
deceiver person
deceleration change
deceleration entity
deceleration event
deceleration happening
decency entity
decency propriety
decency trait
decentralization entity
decimate kill
decision action
decision entity
decision event
decisiveness entity
decisiveness resoluteness
decisiveness trait
deck artifact
deck entity
deck object
deck platform
deck surface
deck be
declaim perform
declaration entity
declaration statement
declare state
decline entity
decode act
decode interact
decode rewrite
decolonization entity
decolonization event
decomposition algebra
decomposition cognition
decomposition discipline
decomposition entity
decomposition mathematics
decomposition science
decompression activity
decompression entity
decompression event
deconstruction belief
deconstruction cognition
deconstruction doctrine
deconstruction entity
decontamination action
decontamination entity
decontamination event
decontamination removal
decorate change
decoration artifact
decoration entity
decoration object
decorum entity
decorum propriety
decorum trait
decoy accomplice
decoy assistant
decoy deceiver
decoy entity
decoy object
decoy organism
decoy person
decoy worker
decoy communicate
decoy request
decrease change
decrease entity
decrease event
decrease happening
decree act
decree document
decree entity
decree declare
decree state
dedication entity
dedication quality
deduce reason
deductible assets
deductible entity
deductible relation
deductible sum
deed document
deed entity
deem think
deep entity
deepening entity
deer animal
deer entity
deer mammal
deer object
deer organism
deer vertebrate
deface change
deface damage
defamation entity
default entity
default event
default failure
default fail
defeat entity
defeat event
defeat happening
defeated entity
defeated group
defeated people
defecation entity
defect entity
defect imperfection
defect flee
defect leave
defect scat
defectiveness entity
defectiveness imperfection
defend argue
defend state
defendant entity
defendant object
defendant organism
defendant person
defender entity
defender object
defender organism
defender person
defense entity
defense event
defensive attitude
defensive cognition
defensive entity
defensiveness ability
defensiveness entity
defensiveness quality
deference action
deference entity
deference event
defiance entity
defiance trait
deficit entity
deficit magnitude
defile entity
defile location
defile object
defile change
defile damage
definition entity
definition explanation
definition statement
deflation entity
deflation erosion
deflection abnormality
deflection condition
deflection entity
deforestation condition
deforestation entity
deform change
defuse remove
degeneration entity
degradation action
degradation entity
degradation event
degree entity
dehydration condition
dehydration dryness
dehydration entity
deity belief
deity cognition
deity entity
delay entity
delay pause
delay decrease
delegate entity
delegate negotiator
delegate object
delegate organism
delegate person
delegate representative
delete remove
deliberation entity
delicious apple
delicious entity
delicious fruit
delicious object
delicious produce
delicious solid
delight entity
delight feeling
delight pleasure
delinquency entity
delinquency loss
delinquency relation
delinquent entity
delinquent object
delinquent organism
delinquent person
deliver act
deliver interact
delivery action
delivery entity
delivery event
dell entity
dell object
dell valley
delta entity
delta object
delta sediment
deluge change
deluge fill
delusion condition
delusion entity
demagnetization entity
demand entity
demand request
demand communicate
demand request
dementia condition
dementia entity
dementia insanity
demerit entity
demerit signal
demerit symbol
democracy attitude
democracy cognition
democracy entity
democrat entity
democrat leader
democrat object
democrat organism
democrat person
democratization entity
democratization event
demographic cognition
demographic entity
demographic statistic
demography cognition
demography discipline
demography entity
demography science
demography sociology
demolish destroy
demonstrator adult
demonstrator educator
demonstrator entity
demonstrator object
demonstrator organism
demonstrator person
demonstrator professional
demonstrator teacher
demotion action
demotion entity
demotion event
denial entity
denial event
denomination entity
denomination group
denomination organization
denominator entity
denote designate
denounce comment
denounce note
denounce state
denseness cognition
denseness entity
denseness inability
denseness stupidity
density consistency
density entity
density solidity
dent consequence
dent entity
dent phenomenon
dentistry cognition
dentistry discipline
dentistry entity
dentistry medicine
dentistry science
deny disagree
department entity
department group
department organization
departure entity
departure event
depend be
dependence entity
depletion action
depletion entity
depletion event
deploy position
deploy put
deployment activity
deployment entity
deployment event
deployment preparation
depopulation condition
depopulation entity
depose oust
deposit entity
deposit phenomenon
deposition entity
depositor entity
depositor investor
depositor object
depositor organism
depositor person
depository artifact
depository entity
depository facility
depository object
deprecation entity
deprecation event
depreciation action
depreciation entity
depreciation event
depression condition
depression entity
depressive entity
depressive object
depressive organism
depressive person
depressive unfortunate
depth entity
depth magnitude
deputy defender
deputy entity
deputy object
deputy organism
deputy person
derailment entity
derailment event
derailment happening
derailment misfortune
derangement condition
derangement entity
derangement insanity
derivation entity
derivation location
derivation object
descend travel
descendant entity
descendant object
descendant organism
descendant person
descendant relative
descent entity
descent event
descent happening
describe act
describe clarify
describe elaborate
describe explain
describe inform
describe interact
description entity
description statement
desert entity
desert group
desert location
desert object
desert tract
deserter entity
deserter object
deserter organism
deserter person
deserve be
design activity
design creation
design entity
design event
desire entity
desire feeling
desk artifact
desk entity
desk furniture
desk object
desktop boundary
desktop entity
desktop location
desktop object
desktop region
despair condition
despair entity
desperado criminal
desperado entity
desperado object
desperado organism
desperado person
desperate entity
desperate object
desperate organism
desperate person
desperate unfortunate
dessert entity
dessert food
destabilization change
destabilization entity
destabilization event
destabilization happening
destiny entity
destiny event
destiny happening
destitution condition
destitution entity
destitution poverty
destroyer artifact
destroyer entity
destroyer object
destroyer ship
destroyer vehicle
destroyer warship
destruct destroy
destruction action
destruction entity
destruction event
detail cognition
detail entity
detail fact
detail act
detail clarify
detail elaborate
detail explain
detail inform
detail interact
detainee entity
detainee object
detainee organism
detainee person
detainee prisoner
detainee unfortunate
detect perceive
detection cognition
detection entity
detective defender
detective entity
detective object
detective organism
detective person
detective policeman
detector artifact
detector device
detector entity
detector object
detention entity
detention subjugation
detergent entity
deterioration condition
deterioration entity
determination discovery
determination entity
determination event
detour artifact
detour entity
detour object
detour road
detour deviate
detour turn
detox artifact
detox entity
detox housing
detox object
detox structure
detoxification activity
detoxification care
detoxification entity
detoxification event
detoxification treatment
detoxification work
detriment change
detriment damage
detriment entity
detriment event
detriment happening
devaluation activity
devaluation entity
devaluation event
devastation condition
devastation deterioration
devastation entity
developer entity
developer object
developer organism
developer person
development action
development entity
development event
deviate turn
deviation change
deviation entity
deviation event
deviation happening
deviation variation
device artifact
device entity
device object
devise document
devise entity
devotion emotion
devotion entity
devotion feeling
devotion love
devotional activity
devotional entity
devotional event
devoutness entity
devoutness morality
devoutness piety
devoutness quality
devoutness righteousness
dew entity
dew phenomenon
dexterity adeptness
dexterity entity
dexterity skillfulness
diabetes condition
diabetes disease
diabetes entity
diabetes illness
diabetic entity
diabetic object
diabetic organism
diabetic person
diabetic unfortunate
diagnose analyze
diagnosis determination
diagnosis discovery
diagnosis entity
diagnosis event
diagnostician adult
diagnostician doctor
diagnostician entity
diagnostician object
diagnostician organism
diagnostician person
diagnostician professional
diagonal entity
diagram artifact
diagram entity
diagram object
dial artifact
dial entity
dial object
dial surface
dial touch
dialect entity
dialogue conversation
dialogue entity
dialogue talk
diameter dimension
diameter entity
diameter length
diameter magnitude
diamond adornment
diamond artifact
diamond decoration
diamond entity
diamond jewel
diamond jewelry
diamond object
diaper artifact
diaper clothing
diaper commodity
diaper entity
diaper garment
diaper object
diaphragm artifact
diaphragm device
diaphragm entity
diaphragm object
diarrhea cognition
diarrhea entity
diarrhea evidence
diarrhea symptom
diary entity
dibs assertion
dibs claim
dibs declaration
dibs entity
dibs statement
dicer artifact
dicer device
dicer entity
dicer object
dick defender
dick detective
dick entity
dick object
dick organism
dick person
dick policeman
dictate entity
dictator entity
dictator object
dictator organism
dictator person
dictator speaker
dictatorship autocracy
dictatorship entity
dictatorship group
dictionary artifact
dictionary book
dictionary entity
dictionary object
dictionary publication
die artifact
die block
die entity
die object
diet entity
diet food
diet fast
dietary entity
dietary food
dieter entity
dieter object
dieter organism
dieter person
dietetics cognition
dietetics discipline
dietetics entity
dietetics science
difference entity
difference quality
differentiation cognition
differentiation entity
diffuse spread
diffusion entity
dig entity
dig location
dig object
dig site
dig tract
dig remove
digest artifact
digest entity
digest object
digest periodical
digest publication
digest affect
digest change
digest process
digestion entity
digestive entity
digger employee
digger entity
digger laborer
digger object
digger organism
digger person
digger worker
digger workman
diggings artifact
diggings entity
diggings object
digit entity
digit integer
digitization cognition
digitization entity
digitization thinking
dignity entity
dignity feeling
dignity pride
dike surround
dilation communication
dilation discussion
dilation entity
dilation event
dilemma condition
dilemma entity
diligence entity
diligence trait
dill entity
dill herb
dill object
dill organism
dilute change
dilute weaken
dilution entity
dilution mixture
dilution part
dilution relation
dilution solution
dilution substance
dim change
dime coinage
dime coin
dime currency
dime entity
dime standard
dimension entity
dimension magnitude
dimension act
dimension inform
dimension interact
diminutive entity
diminutive part
diminutive relation
diminutive word
dimple change
diner consumer
diner eater
diner entity
diner object
diner organism
diner person
diner user
ding entity
ding event
ding happening
ding ring
dinghy artifact
dinghy boat
dinghy entity
dinghy object
dinghy vehicle
dingo animal
dingo carnivore
dingo entity
dingo mammal
dingo object
dingo organism
dingo vertebrate
dining consumption
dining eating
dining entity
dinky artifact
dinky container
dinky entity
dinky locomotive
dinky object
dinky vehicle
dinner entity
dinner food
dinner meal
dinosaur animal
dinosaur entity
dinosaur object
dinosaur organism
dinosaur reptile
dinosaur vertebrate
diocese district
diocese entity
diocese location
diocese object
dioxide chemical
dioxide entity
dioxide material
dioxide oxide
dioxide part
dioxide relation
dioxide substance
dip entity
diphtheria condition
diphtheria disease
diphtheria entity
diphtheria illness
diploma certificate
diploma document
diploma entity
diplomacy entity
diplomacy negotiation
diplomat entity
diplomat object
diplomat official
diplomat organism
diplomat person
diplomat worker
direct communicate
direct order
direct request
direction entity
direction location
direction object
directive declaration
directive entity
directive pronouncement
directive statement
directivity entity
directness entity
directness quality
director administrator
director entity
director leader
director object
director organism
director person
directorship activity
directorship entity
directorship event
directorship occupation
directory artifact
directory book
directory entity
directory object
directory publication
dirty change
disability condition
disability entity
disable change
disabled entity
disabled group
disabled people
disadvantage bad
disadvantage entity
disadvantage quality
disadvantage distinguish
disadvantage identify
disagreement entity
disappearance departure
disappearance entity
disappearance event
disappoint prevent
disappointment desire
disappointment dissatisfaction
disappointment entity
disappointment feeling
disappointment longing
disapproval entity
disapproval feeling
disbandment entity
disbandment event
disburse pay
discard entity
discard object
discharge entity
discharge event
discharge happening
disciple entity
disciple follower
disciple object
disciple organism
disciple person
discipline cognition
discipline entity
discipline change
disclaimer entity
disclaimer event
disclosure entity
disclosure event
disco entity
disco music
discography database
discography entity
discography information
discography list
discomfort condition
discomfort entity
discontinuance action
discontinuance entity
discontinuance event
discontinuity entity
discontinuity separation
discord entity
discordance entity
discount action
discount entity
discount event
discouragement entity
discouragement feeling
discourse entity
discourse part
discourse relation
discourse act
discourse broach
discourse interact
discovery entity
discovery event
discredit dismiss
discredit reject
discrepancy difference
discrepancy entity
discrepancy quality
discretion entity
discretion freedom
discriminate distinguish
discriminate identify
discrimination entity
discrimination event
discussion communication
discussion entity
discussion event
disease condition
disease entity
disease illness
disfigurement appearance
disfigurement entity
disfigurement quality
disguise appearance
disguise entity
disguise quality
disguise semblance
disguise hide
disgust entity
disgust feeling
dish artifact
dish container
dish crockery
dish entity
dish object
dish ware
dishonesty entity
dishonesty immorality
dishonesty quality
dishwasher artifact
dishwasher commodity
dishwasher entity
dishwasher object
disincentive entity
disincentive motivation
disinfection activity
disinfection care
disinfection entity
disinfection event
disinfection treatment
disinfection work
disinformation entity
disinformation information
disinformation misinformation
disk entity
dislocation entity
dislocation event
dislocation happening
disloyalty entity
disloyalty infidelity
disloyalty quality
dismemberment accident
dismemberment activity
dismemberment entity
dismemberment event
dismemberment happening
dismemberment maltreatment
dismemberment misfortune
dismemberment persecution
dismemberment practice
dismiss reject
disobedience entity
disobedience event
disobey act
disobey react
disobey refuse
disorder condition
disorder entity
disorderliness condition
disorderliness entity
disparage comment
disparage note
disparage state
disparity difference
disparity entity
disparity inequality
disparity quality
dispassion entity
dispassion trait
dispatch entity
dispatch information
dispensary artifact
dispensary building
dispensary entity
dispensary object
dispensary structure
dispensation entity
dispensation event
dispensation management
dispersion entity
dispersion event
dispersion happening
dispersion spread
display entity
displeasure anger
displeasure desire
displeasure dissatisfaction
displeasure emotion
displeasure entity
displeasure feeling
displeasure longing
disposable entity
disposable object
disposal entity
disposal power
disposal quality
dispose exchange
dispose sell
disposition entity
disposition trait
dispute entity
dispute event
disqualification entity
disqualification quality
disregard cognition
disregard entity
disrepair condition
disrepair entity
dissatisfaction desire
dissatisfaction entity
dissatisfaction feeling
dissatisfaction longing
dissect cut
dissection action
dissection entity
dissection event
dissemination communication
dissemination entity
dissemination event
dissent entity
dissent event
dissent disagree
dissertation entity
disservice activity
disservice entity
disservice event
dissipation dispersion
dissipation entity
dissipation event
dissipation happening
dissipation spread
dissociation action
dissociation entity
dissociation event
dissolution entity
dissolve entity
dissolve music
dissolve section
dissolving entity
distance entity
distance placement
distance relation
distance keep
distillation entity
distillery artifact
distillery entity
distillery object
distillery plant
distillery structure
distinctness entity
distinctness quality
distinguish identify
distortion change
distortion damage
distortion entity
distortion event
distortion happening
distract arouse
distraction condition
distraction entity
distress entity
distress feeling
distribution cognition
distribution entity
distributor businessperson
distributor entity
distributor object
distributor organism
distributor person
distributor supplier
district entity
district location
district object
distrust reject
disturber entity
disturber object
disturber organism
disturber person
disunion action
disunion entity
disunion event
ditch artifact
ditch entity
ditch object
ditto act
ditto inform
ditto interact
ditto repeat
dive descend
dive travel
diver entity
diver explorer
diver object
diver organism
diver person
divergence action
divergence entity
divergence event
diversification action
diversification entity
diversification event
diversify change
diversion activity
diversion entity
diversion event
divide disagreement
divide entity
dividend assets
dividend entity
dividend income
dividend relation
dividend sum
divination entity
divination guess
divine perceive
diving contest
diving entity
diving event
divisibility entity
divisibility quality
division entity
division group
division organization
divisor entity
divisor integer
divorce entity
divorce event
dizziness cognition
dizziness entity
dizziness evidence
dizziness symptom
dizzy change
docility entity
docility trait
dock artifact
dock enclosure
dock entity
dock object
dock structure
dock enter
docking action
docking entity
docking event
dockyard district
dockyard entity
dockyard location
dockyard object
dockyard waterfront
doctor adult
doctor entity
doctor object
doctor organism
doctor person
doctor professional
doctrine belief
doctrine cognition
doctrine entity
document entity
document have
document record
documentary artifact
documentary entity
documentary event
documentary movie
documentary object
documentation entity
documentation information
dodger deceiver
dodger entity
dodger object
dodger organism
dodger person
dog animal
dog carnivore
dog entity
dog mammal
dog object
dog organism
dog vertebrate
dogma belief
dogma cognition
dogma doctrine
dogma entity
doily artifact
doily commodity
doily entity
doily object
dole assets
dole entity
dole relation
dole share
doll artifact
doll entity
doll object
doll plaything
dollar entity
dolly artifact
dolly entity
dolly object
dome entity
domestic entity
domestic object
domestic organism
domestic person
domestic servant
domestic worker
domesticate adapt
domestication entity
dominant entity
dominant notation
domination entity
domination event
dominion condition
dominion entity
donkey cognition
donkey entity
donor benefactor
donor entity
donor object
donor organism
donor person
doom destiny
doom entity
doom event
doom happening
doomed entity
doomed group
doomed people
door artifact
door barrier
door entity
door object
door obstruction
door structure
doorway artifact
doorway entity
doorway entrance
doorway object
dopamine chemical
dopamine entity
dopamine material
dopamine part
dopamine relation
dopamine substance
dormitory artifact
dormitory building
dormitory entity
dormitory housing
dormitory object
dormitory structure
dose drug
dose entity
dose affect
dose change
dose process
dossier entity
dossier indication
dossier record
double accomplishment
double action
double entity
double event
double feat
double hit
double change
doubling entity
doubt condition
doubt entity
doubt reject
dough concoction
dough entity
dough food
dove animal
dove bird
dove entity
dove object
dove organism
dove pigeon
dove vertebrate
down covering
down entity
down feather
down material
down object
down part
down relation
down substance
downbeat entity
downbeat rhythm
downcast artifact
downcast entity
downcast object
downfall entity
downfall event
downfall happening
downgrade entity
downgrade relation
downgrade rate
downhill entity
downhill object
downhill slope
downpour entity
downpour phenomenon
downpour rain
downpour weather
downsize furlough
downtime entity
downturn action
downturn entity
downturn event
dowry entity
dowry gift
dowry relation
doze entity
draft document
draft entity
draft write
drafting activity
drafting creation
drafting entity
drafting event
drafting writing
draftsman entity
draftsman object
draftsman organism
draftsman person
draftsman worker
drag entity
drag phenomenon
drag pull
dragon cognition
dragon creativity
dragon entity
dragon imagination
dragon monster
dragonfly animal
dragonfly entity
dragonfly insect
dragonfly invertebrate
dragonfly object
dragonfly organism
drain action
drain entity
drain event
drain removal
dramatics activity
dramatics education
dramatics entity
dramatics event
dramatist entity
dramatist object
dramatist organism
dramatist person
dramatist writer
drape arrange
drape put
draw entity
draw gully
draw object
draw valley
drawback bad
drawback disadvantage
drawback entity
drawback quality
drawer artifact
drawer container
drawer entity
drawer object
drawer structure
drawing artwork
drawing entity
drawstring artifact
drawstring cord
drawstring entity
drawstring object
dream cognition
dream entity
dream imagine
dreamer entity
dreamer object
dreamer organism
dreamer person
dreamer sleeper
dregs entity
dregs sediment
dress artifact
dress clothing
dress commodity
dress entity
dress object
dressing condiment
dressing entity
dressing food
dressing sauce
dressmaking activity
dressmaking entity
dressmaking event
dressmaking occupation
drift entity
drift phenomenon
drifting action
drifting entity
drifting event
drifting travel
drifting wandering
driftwood entity
driftwood material
driftwood part
driftwood relation
driftwood substance
driftwood wood
drill artifact
drill entity
drill implement
drill object
drill tool
drilling activity
drilling creation
drilling entity
drilling event
drink entity
drink helping
drinker consumer
drinker entity
drinker object
drinker organism
drinker person
drinker user
drinking consumption
drinking entity
drive entity
drive event
drive touch
drivel entity
driver entity
driveway artifact
driveway entity
driveway object
driveway road
drizzle entity
drizzle phenomenon
drizzle rain
drizzle weather
drizzle rain
drone animal
drone bee
drone entity
drone insect
drone invertebrate
drone object
drone organism
drop entity
droplet entity
droppings entity
droppings material
droppings part
droppings relation
droppings substance
droppings waste
drought condition
drought dryness
drought entity
drove entity
drove group
drug entity
drugstore artifact
drugstore entity
drugstore object
drugstore shop
drugstore structure
drum artifact
drum device
drum entity
drum object
drummer entertainer
drummer entity
drummer musician
drummer object
drummer organism
drummer performer
drummer person
drumstick entity
drumstick helping
drunkard consumer
drunkard entity
drunkard object
drunkard organism
drunkard person
drunkard user
drunkenness entity
dry entity
dry object
dry organism
dry person
dry reformer
dry change
dryness condition
dryness entity
dualism belief
dualism cognition
dualism doctrine
dualism entity
dub cognition
dub entity
dub sensation
dub designate
dub label
dub name
dubbing artifact
dubbing device
dubbing entity
dubbing object
dubbing soundtrack
duchess aristocrat
duchess entity
duchess leader
duchess object
duchess organism
duchess person
duck animal
duck bird
duck entity
duck object
duck organism
duck vertebrate
duck waterfowl
duckling entity
duckling meat
duckling solid
duckweed entity
duckweed object
duckweed organism
duct entity
due abstraction
due cognition
due concept
due entity
due idea
due right
duel conflict
duel entity
duel event
dug entity
dug gland
dug organ
duke aristocrat
duke entity
duke leader
duke object
duke organism
duke person
dull change
dullness cognition
dullness entity
dullness inability
dullness stupidity
dumdum artifact
dumdum bullet
dumdum device
dumdum entity
dumdum instrument
dumdum object
dumdum projectile
dumdum weapon
dummy entity
dummy mute
dummy object
dummy organism
dummy person
dump discard
dumping commerce
dumping entity
dumping event
dumping selling
dumping transaction
dumpling entity
dumpling solid
dune entity
dune object
dune ridge
dung change
dung enrich
dung fertilize
duplex change
duplicate reproduce
duration entity
duress entity
duress force
duress influence
duress power
duress quality
dusk darken
dust entity
dust material
dust particulate
dust part
dust relation
dust substance
dust change
dust clean
duty entity
duty event
dwarf entity
dwarf object
dwarf organism
dwarf person
dwelling artifact
dwelling entity
dwelling housing
dwelling object
dwelling structure
dwindle decrease
dye entity
dye material
dye part
dye relation
dye substance
dyeing action
dyeing entity
dyeing event
dyer entity
dyer object
dyer organism
dyer person
dyer worker
dynamics cognition
dynamics discipline
dynamics entity
dynamics mechanics
dynamics physics
dynamics science
dynamite chemical
dynamite entity
dynamite explosive
dynamite material
dynamite part
dynamite relation
dynamite substance
dynamite explode
dynamo artifact
dynamo device
dynamo engine
dynamo entity
dynamo machine
dynamo motor
dynamo object
dynasty entity
dynasty genealogy
dynasty group
dynasty lineage
dysentery condition
dysentery disease
dysentery entity
dysentery illness
dysfunction condition
dysfunction entity
dyslexia condition
dyslexia disorder
dyslexia entity
dystopia entity
eagerness enthusiasm
eagerness entity
eagerness feeling
eagle animal
eagle bird
eagle entity
eagle object
eagle organism
eagle vertebrate
eagle hit
ear entity
ear organ
earl aristocrat
earl entity
earl leader
earl object
earl organism
earl person
earmark entity
earmark signal
earmark symbol
earner employee
earner entity
earner object
earner organism
earner person
earner worker
earnest entity
earnest relation
earring adornment
earring artifact
earring decoration
earring entity
earring jewelry
earring object
earthquake entity
earthquake phenomenon
earthwork artifact
earthwork embankment
earthwork entity
earthwork object
earthwork structure
earthworm animal
earthworm entity
earthworm invertebrate
earthworm object
earthworm organism
earthworm worm
earwig animal
earwig entity
earwig insect
earwig invertebrate
earwig object
earwig organism
ease entity
ease quality
ease travel
easel artifact
easel device
easel entity
easel object
easel tripod
easement abstraction
easement cognition
easement concept
easement entity
easement idea
easement prerogative
easement right
easiness entity
easiness feeling
easing change
easing entity
easing event
easing happening
east entity
east relation
easter entity
eater consumer
eater entity
eater object
eater organism
eater person
eater user
eating consumption
eating entity
eaves artifact
eaves entity
eaves object
eaves structure
eavesdropper entity
eavesdropper object
eavesdropper organism
eavesdropper person
eavesdropper snoop
eavesdropper spectator
eccentric entity
eccentric object
eccentric organism
eccentric person
eccentricity entity
eccentricity quality
echo entity
eclectic entity
eclectic intellectual
eclectic object
eclectic organism
eclectic person
eclectic philosopher
eclectic scholar
eclipse entity
eclipse event
eclipse happening
ecologist biologist
ecologist entity
ecologist object
ecologist organism
ecologist person
ecologist scientist
ecology entity
ecology environment
ecology situation
econometrics cognition
econometrics discipline
econometrics economics
econometrics entity
econometrics science
economics cognition
economics discipline
economics entity
economics science
economist entity
economist object
economist organism
economist person
economist scientist
economy entity
economy group
ecosystem entity
ecosystem group
ecstasy emotion
ecstasy entity
ecstasy feeling
eczema condition
eczema disease
eczema entity
eczema illness
edema cognition
edema entity
edema evidence
edema swelling
edema symptom
edge boundary
edge entity
edge location
edge object
edge region
edge advance
edge travel
edging boundary
edging entity
edging location
edging object
edging region
edibility entity
edict announcement
edict entity
edict statement
edification cognition
edification enlightenment
edification entity
edit change
editing entity
edition artifact
edition entity
edition object
edition publication
editor entity
editor object
editor organism
editor person
editor worker
editorship activity
editorship entity
editorship event
editorship occupation
educate change
education activity
education entity
education event
educator adult
educator entity
educator object
educator organism
educator person
educator professional
eel entity
eel solid
effect cause
effectiveness entity
effectiveness power
effectiveness quality
effects entity
effects property
effects relation
effervescence entity
efficiency entity
efficiency ratio
efficiency relation
effigy artifact
effigy entity
effigy object
egg entity
egg object
egg ovum
egg pelt
egg throw
eggplant entity
eggplant produce
eggplant solid
eggplant vegetable
ego entity
ego feeling
ego pride
egoism belief
egoism cognition
egoism entity
eight digit
eight entity
eight integer
eighteen entity
eighteen integer
eighteenth entity
eighteenth status
eighth entity
eighth status
eighty entity
eighty integer
ejaculation entity
ejaculation exclamation
ejaculation utterance
eject expel
elaborate act
elaborate clarify
elaborate explain
elaborate inform
elaborate interact
elapse advance
elapse travel
elasticity entity
elation condition
elation entity
elbow entity
elbow joint
elbow push
elder adult
elder entity
elder object
elder organism
elder person
elect choose
elect decide
election entity
election event
electorate citizenry
electorate entity
electorate group
electric artifact
electric car
electric container
electric entity
electric object
electric vehicle
electricity entity
electricity phenomenon
electrify disturb
electrode artifact
electrode device
electrode entity
electrode object
electrolysis entity
electrolyte entity
electrolyte mixture
electrolyte part
electrolyte relation
electrolyte solution
electrolyte substance
electrolytic artifact
electrolytic capacitor
electrolytic device
electrolytic entity
electrolytic object
electromagnet artifact
electromagnet device
electromagnet entity
electromagnet magnet
electromagnet object
electromagnetism attraction
electromagnetism entity
electromagnetism magnetism
electromagnetism phenomenon
electron entity
electron object
electronics cognition
electronics discipline
electronics entity
electronics physics
electronics science
electroscope artifact
electroscope device
electroscope entity
electroscope instrument
electroscope object
electrostatics cognition
electrostatics discipline
electrostatics entity
electrostatics physics
electrostatics science
elegance entity
elegance quality
elephant animal
elephant entity
elephant mammal
elephant object
elephant organism
elephant vertebrate
elevation entity
elevation event
elevation happening
elevator artifact
elevator device
elevator entity
elevator object
eleven entity
eleven integer
eleventh entity
eleventh status
elf belief
elf cognition
elf entity
elf fairy
eligibility entity
eligibility fitness
eligibility qualification
eligibility quality
eligibility suitability
elimination action
elimination entity
elimination event
elimination removal
elite entity
elite group
elite people
elitist entity
elitist intellectual
elitist object
elitist organism
elitist person
elitist philosopher
elitist scholar
elixir entity
elk animal
elk deer
elk entity
elk mammal
elk object
elk organism
elk vertebrate
ellipse entity
ellipsis entity
elm entity
elm object
elm organism
elm tree
elongation dimension
elongation entity
elongation length
elongation magnitude
eloquence entity
elves discharge
elves entity
elves event
elves happening
elves phenomenon
emanate come
emanate travel
emancipation accomplishment
emancipation action
emancipation entity
emancipation event
emancipation liberation
embankment artifact
embankment entity
embankment object
embankment structure
embargo cognition
embargo entity
embargo reasoning
embargo thinking
embargo ban
embargo communicate
embargo forbid
embargo order
embargo outlaw
embargo request
embark board
embark enter
embarrassment entity
embarrassment feeling
embarrassment shame
embassy artifact
embassy building
embassy entity
embassy object
embassy structure
embellishment communication
embellishment discussion
embellishment entity
embellishment event
ember entity
ember fragment
embezzlement activity
embezzlement crime
embezzlement entity
embezzlement event
embezzlement felony
embezzlement transgression
emblem artifact
emblem decoration
emblem entity
emblem object
embodiment entity
embodiment object
embodiment organism
embodiment personification
embodiment person
embrace activity
embrace entity
embrace event
embrace include
embroider change
embroider decorate
embryo entity
embryo object
embryo organism
embryology biology
embryology cognition
embryology discipline
embryology entity
embryology science
emcee act
emcee entertain
emcee host
emcee interact
emcee socialize
emerald crystal
emerald entity
emerald material
emerald mineral
emerald part
emerald relation
emerald solid
emerald substance
emergence beginning
emergence entity
emergence event
emergence happening
emergency entity
emergency event
emergency happening
emergency juncture
emigrant entity
emigrant migrant
emigrant object
emigrant organism
emigrant person
emigrant traveler
emigration action
emigration entity
emigration event
emigration migration
eminence entity
eminence status
emissary entity
emissary negotiator
emissary object
emissary organism
emissary person
emissary representative
emission entity
emission event
emitter artifact
emitter device
emitter electrode
emitter entity
emitter object
emotion entity
emotion feeling
emotionality entity
emotionality trait
empathy entity
empathy feeling
emperor entity
emperor negotiator
emperor object
emperor organism
emperor person
emperor representative
emperor ruler
emperor sovereign
emphasis entity
emphasis standing
emphasis status
empire entity
empire location
empire object
employable entity
employable object
employable organism
employable person
employable worker
employee entity
employee object
employee organism
employee person
employee worker
employer entity
employer leader
employer object
employer organism
employer person
employment entity
emptiness condition
emptiness entity
empty artifact
empty container
empty entity
empty object
empty change
emulate imitate
emulate reproduce
emulation ambition
emulation desire
emulation entity
emulation feeling
emulsion entity
emulsion mixture
emulsion part
emulsion relation
emulsion substance
enable change
enactment entity
enactment event
enamel entity
enamel part
enamel relation
enamel substance
enamel change
enamel decorate
encapsulation condition
encapsulation entity
encasement action
encasement entity
encasement event
enchanter entity
enchanter object
enchanter organism
enchanter person
enchanter sorcerer
enchilada entity
enchilada food
encircle change
enclosure artifact
enclosure entity
enclosure object
enclosure structure
encode change
encore activity
encore diversion
encore entertainment
encore entity
encore event
encore show
encore communicate
encore request
encouragement entity
encroach advance
encroach travel
encyclopedia artifact
encyclopedia book
encyclopedia entity
encyclopedia object
encyclopedia publication
end entity
end location
end object
end region
endanger exist
endearment action
endearment entity
endearment event
endeavor act
endeavor try
ending entity
ending part
ending relation
endorsement entity
endorsement promotion
endowment aptitude
endowment cognition
endowment entity
endurance entity
endurance strength
enemy entity
enemy group
enemy organization
energizer entity
energizer object
energizer organism
energizer person
energy entity
energy phenomenon
enforce compel
enforcement entity
enforcement event
engine artifact
engine device
engine entity
engine machine
engine motor
engine object
engineer entity
engineer object
engineer organism
engineer person
engraver entity
engraver object
engraver organism
engraver person
engraver worker
engraving art
engraving artifact
engraving entity
engraving object
enhance increase
enhancement action
enhancement entity
enhancement event
enjoyment entity
enjoyment feeling
enjoyment pleasure
enlarge change
enlighten act
enlighten inform
enlighten interact
enlighten teach
enlightenment cognition
enlightenment entity
enlistment entity
enough entity
enrich change
enrichment action
enrichment entity
enrichment event
enroll have
enroll record
enroll register
ensemble entity
ensemble group
ensemble organization
enslave control
enslavement entity
enslavement subjugation
ensnare act
ensnare deceive
ensnare interact
ensnare treat
ensnare wrong
entail entity
entail property
entail relation
entangle act
entangle permit
entangle react
enterprise activity
enterprise entity
enterprise event
enterprise undertaking
enterprise work
entertain act
entertain interact
entertain socialize
entertainer entity
entertainer object
entertainer organism
entertainer person
entertainment activity
entertainment diversion
entertainment entity
entertainment event
enthusiasm entity
enthusiasm feeling
enthusiast advocate
enthusiast entity
enthusiast object
enthusiast organism
enthusiast person
enthusiast supporter
entirety completeness
entirety entity
entirety integrity
entitle empower
entomology biology
entomology cognition
entomology discipline
entomology entity
entomology science
entrance artifact
entrance entity
entrance object
entrepreneur businessperson
entrepreneur entity
entrepreneur object
entrepreneur organism
entrepreneur person
entry entity
entry indication
entry record
enumeration database
enumeration entity
enumeration information
enumeration list
enunciation articulation
enunciation entity
enunciation pronunciation
enunciation utterance
envelop cover
envelope artifact
envelope container
envelope entity
envelope object
environment entity
environment situation
environmentalism belief
environmentalism cognition
environmentalism doctrine
environmentalism entity
environmentalist entity
environmentalist object
environmentalist organism
environmentalist person
environmentalist reformer
envoy diplomat
envoy entity
envoy object
envoy official
envoy organism
envoy person
envoy worker
envy emotion
envy entity
envy feeling
envy hate
envy resentment
envy admire
envy respect
envy think
enzyme activator
enzyme catalyst
enzyme chemical
enzyme entity
enzyme material
enzyme molecule
enzyme part
enzyme protein
enzyme relation
enzyme substance
epicenter entity
epicenter location
epicenter object
epidemic entity
epidemic event
epidemic happening
epidemic outbreak
epidemiology cognition
epidemiology discipline
epidemiology entity
epidemiology medicine
epidemiology science
epidermis entity
epidermis location
epidermis object
epidermis region
epilepsy condition
epilepsy disorder
epilepsy entity
epilogue entity
epilogue music
epilogue section
epiphany entity
epiphany event
epiphany happening
epiphany manifestation
episode entity
episode event
episode happening
epitaph entity
epitaph inscription
equality entity
equality quality
equality sameness
equalization entity
equalization event
equalize score
equalizer artifact
equalizer entity
equalizer equipment
equalizer object
equation entity
equation statement
equator entity
equator location
equator object
equatorial artifact
equatorial device
equatorial entity
equatorial instrument
equatorial magnifier
equatorial object
equatorial telescope
equilateral entity
equilibrium entity
equilibrium situation
equinox entity
equip supply
equipment artifact
equipment entity
equipment object
equity assets
equity entity
equity relation
equivalent cognition
equivalent entity
era entity
eradication entity
eradication event
eradication happening
erase kill
erasure editing
erasure entity
erecting activity
erecting construction
erecting creation
erecting entity
erecting event
erection condition
erection entity
erectness entity
erectness stance
erosion entity
erotic entity
erotic object
erotic organism
erotic person
eroticism condition
eroticism entity
errand action
errand entity
errand event
errand journey
errand travel
errand trip
escalate change
escalation action
escalation entity
escalation event
escape entity
escape event
escape flee
escape leave
escape scat
escapee criminal
escapee entity
escapee object
escapee organism
escapee person
escort travel
esophagus entity
espresso beverage
espresso coffee
espresso entity
espresso fluid
espresso food
espresso liquid
espresso part
espresso relation
espresso substance
esquire assistant
esquire attendant
esquire entity
esquire object
esquire organism
esquire person
esquire worker
essay entity
essayist entity
essayist object
essayist organism
essayist person
essayist writer
estate entity
estate property
estate relation
esteem entity
esteem standing
esteem status
estimate cognition
estimate entity
estimate thinking
estimate calculate
estrogen entity
estrogen hormone
estrogen part
estrogen relation
estrogen substance
estuary entity
etcetera entity
etcetera object
etching art
etching artifact
etching engraving
etching entity
etching object
eternity entity
ethic cognition
ethic entity
ethic idea
ethic ideal
ethnic entity
ethnic object
ethnic organism
ethnic person
ethnicity entity
ethnicity quality
ethnocentrism attitude
ethnocentrism cognition
ethnocentrism entity
ethnocentrism inclination
ethnologist anthropologist
ethnologist entity
ethnologist object
ethnologist organism
ethnologist person
ethnologist scientist
ethnology anthropology
ethnology cognition
ethnology discipline
ethnology entity
ethnology science
ethyl entity
etiquette entity
eucalyptus entity
eucalyptus material
eucalyptus part
eucalyptus relation
eucalyptus substance
eucalyptus wood
eulogy entity
eulogy praise
euphemism entity
euphemism saying
euphoria emotion
euphoria entity
euphoria feeling
euphoria joy
euthanasia action
euthanasia entity
euthanasia event
evaluation entity
evaluation event
evangelism entity
evangelism event
evangelism sermon
evangelist clergyman
evangelist entity
evangelist leader
evangelist object
evangelist organism
evangelist person
evangelist preacher
evasion entity
evasion falsehood
evasion misrepresentation
evasion statement
evening entity
evenness entity
evenness relation
event entity
evergreen entity
evergreen object
evergreen organism
everlasting entity
everlasting flower
everlasting object
everlasting organism
evict eject
evict expel
eviction causing
eviction entity
eviction event
evidence cognition
evidence entity
evil activity
evil entity
evil event
evil transgression
exactness accuracy
exactness entity
exactness quality
examination activity
examination entity
examination event
examination work
examiner entity
examiner inquirer
examiner object
examiner organism
examiner person
examiner speaker
example cognition
example entity
excavation activity
excavation creation
excavation entity
excavation event
excavator employee
excavator entity
excavator object
excavator organism
excavator person
excavator worker
excavator workman
excellence entity
excellence quality
excellency adult
excellency entity
excellency object
excellency organism
excellency person
exception cognition
exception disregard
exception entity
excerpt entity
excerpt music
excerpt section
excerpt choose
excerpt decide
excess abundance
excess entity
excess magnitude
exchange entity
exchange phenomenon
exchanger entity
exchanger object
exchanger organism
exchanger person
excise entity
excise levy
excise relation
excise tax
excite arouse
exclamation entity
exclamation utterance
exclude destroy
exclusion entity
exclusion situation
exclusive entity
exclusive information
excommunication entity
excommunication situation
excursion action
excursion entity
excursion event
excursion journey
excursion travel
excuse entity
excuse explanation
excuse statement
excuse agree
excuse forgive
execute kill
execute punish
execution entity
execution event
execution punishment
executioner entity
executioner killer
executioner object
executioner organism
executioner person
executive administrator
executive entity
executive leader
executive object
executive organism
executive person
executor entity
executor object
executor organism
executor person
exemplify act
exemplify convey
exemplify impart
exemplify inform
exemplify interact
exemplify mean
exemption condition
exemption entity
exercise activity
exercise entity
exercise event
exercise work
exert use
exhaust entity
exhaust material
exhaust part
exhaust relation
exhaust substance
exhaust waste
exhaust change
exhaustion entity
exhaustion fatigue
exhibit entity
exhibit information
exhibit possess
exhibition activity
exhibition diversion
exhibition entertainment
exhibition entity
exhibition event
exhibition show
exhibitionism entity
exhilaration emotion
exhilaration entity
exhilaration feeling
exhilaration joy
exhortation communication
exhortation entity
exhortation event
exhumation entity
exhumation event
exile entity
exile object
exile organism
exile person
exile traveler
existentialism belief
existentialism cognition
existentialism doctrine
existentialism entity
exit artifact
exit entity
exit object
exodus entity
exodus escape
exodus event
exoneration condition
exoneration entity
exorcist entity
exorcist status
expand increase
expansion action
expansion entity
expansion event
expansionism belief
expansionism cognition
expansionism doctrine
expansionism entity
expansiveness entity
expansiveness excellence
expansiveness impressiveness
expansiveness quality
expatriate expel
expectation belief
expectation cognition
expectation entity
expedient entity
expedient event
expedient means
expedite help
expedite support
expedition activity
expedition entity
expedition event
expense cost
expense entity
expense relation
expense change
experience cognition
experience entity
experience undergo
experiment activity
experiment entity
experiment event
experiment research
experiment work
experiment analyze
experiment investigate
expert entity
expert object
expert organism
expert person
expertness entity
expertness skillfulness
explain act
explain inform
explain interact
explanation entity
explanation statement
explicitness clarity
explicitness comprehensibility
explicitness entity
explicitness quality
exploit use
exploitation activity
exploitation entity
exploitation event
exploitation use
exploration action
exploration entity
exploration event
exploration journey
exploration travel
explorer entity
explorer object
explorer organism
explorer person
explosion discharge
explosion entity
explosion event
explosion happening
explosive chemical
explosive entity
explosive material
explosive part
explosive relation
explosive substance
exponential entity
exponential function
exponential relation
export artifact
export commodity
export entity
export object
export trade
exporter businessperson
exporter entity
exporter object
exporter organism
exporter person
expose disclosure
expose entity
expose event
expose affect
expose change
expose subject
exposition entity
exposition explanation
exposition statement
exposure entity
express entity
express mail
express message
express act
express convey
express impart
express inform
express interact
expression appearance
expression entity
expression quality
expressionism entity
expressionism group
expressionist artist
expressionist entity
expressionist object
expressionist organism
expressionist person
expressiveness entity
expressiveness quality
expressway artifact
expressway entity
expressway highway
expressway object
expressway road
exquisiteness appearance
exquisiteness beauty
exquisiteness entity
exquisiteness quality
extension delay
extension entity
extension pause
extent entity
exterminate kill
exterminator entity
exterminator killer
exterminator object
exterminator organism
exterminator person
external cognition
external concept
external entity
external feature
external idea
externalization cognition
externalization entity
extinction entity
extinction inaction
extortion cost
extortion entity
extortion relation
extract remove
extraction entity
extradition entity
extradition event
extradition transaction
extreme degree
extreme entity
extremism attitude
extremism cognition
extremism entity
extremist entity
extremist object
extremist organism
extremist person
extremity entity
extrovert entity
extrovert object
extrovert organism
extrovert person
exuberance emotion
exuberance enthusiasm
exuberance entity
exuberance feeling
exuberance joy
exude excrete
exultation emotion
exultation entity
exultation feeling
exultation joy
eye entity
eye organ
eye look
eyeball entity
eyebrow covering
eyebrow entity
eyebrow hair
eyebrow object
eyelash covering
eyelash entity
eyelash hair
eyelash object
eyelet artifact
eyelet entity
eyelet object
eyes belief
eyes cognition
eyes entity
eyes opinion
eyesight cognition
eyesight entity
eyesight faculty
eyesight sensitivity
eyewitness entity
eyewitness object
eyewitness organism
eyewitness person
eyewitness spectator
eyewitness watch
eyewitness witness
fabric artifact
fabric entity
fabric object
fabrication entity
fabrication falsehood
fabrication statement
facade artifact
facade entity
facade object
facade surface
face entity
facial entity
facial nerve
facial tissue
facilitate help
facilitate support
facilitation condition
facilitation entity
facilitator assistant
facilitator entity
facilitator object
facilitator organism
facilitator person
facilitator worker
facility artifact
facility entity
facility object
facing artifact
facing entity
facing lining
facing object
facsimile artifact
facsimile entity
facsimile object
fact cognition
fact entity
factor beginning
factor cause
factor entity
factor event
factor happening
factor calculate
factorial cognition
factorial concept
factorial entity
factorial idea
factory artifact
factory entity
factory object
factory plant
factory structure
factuality entity
factuality quality
faculty cognition
faculty entity
fad cognition
fad entity
fad vogue
fade decrease
fag help
fag support
failure entity
failure event
faint change
faint entity
faint event
faint happening
fair connect
fairness entity
fairness justice
fairness morality
fairness quality
fairness righteousness
fairy belief
fairy cognition
fairy entity
fairytale entity
fairytale narrative
faithful entity
faithful following
faithful group
fake artifact
fake entity
fake object
falcon animal
falcon bird
falcon entity
falcon hawk
falcon object
falcon organism
falcon vertebrate
falcon get
falcon hunt
fall entity
fall travel
fallacy cognition
fallacy entity
fallacy idea
falsehood entity
falsehood statement
falter hesitate
fame entity
fame standing
fame status
familiar entity
familiar object
familiar organism
familiar person
familiar servant
familiar worker
familiarization cognition
familiarization entity
familiarization experience
familiarize act
familiarize inform
familiarize interact
family entity
family group
family organization
fan artifact
fan device
fan entity
fan object
fan fail
fanatic advocate
fanatic enthusiast
fanatic entity
fanatic object
fanatic organism
fanatic person
fanatic supporter
fang entity
fang language
fantasia entity
fantasia music
fantasy cognition
fantasy creativity
fantasy entity
fantasy imagination
fantasy imagine
farce comedy
farce entity
farce change
farce fill
farewell entity
farm entity
farm location
farm object
farm workplace
farmer entity
farmer object
farmer organism
farmer person
farmhand employee
farmhand entity
farmhand laborer
farmhand object
farmhand organism
farmhand person
farmhand worker
farmhand workman
farmhouse artifact
farmhouse building
farmhouse dwelling
farmhouse entity
farmhouse house
farmhouse housing
farmhouse object
farmhouse structure
farming commerce
farming entity
farming event
farming transaction
farmland entity
farmland location
farmland object
farmyard artifact
farmyard enclosure
farmyard entity
farmyard object
farmyard structure
fart entity
fart reflex
fascination condition
fascination entity
fascism attitude
fascism cognition
fascism entity
fascist adult
fascist conservative
fascist entity
fascist object
fascist organism
fascist person
fast activity
fast entity
fast event
fasten attach
fasten connect
fastener entity
fastener object
fastener organism
fastener person
fat chemical
fat entity
fat lipid
fat material
fat molecule
fat part
fat relation
fat substance
fatality change
fatality death
fatality entity
fatality event
fatality happening
father ancestor
father entity
father object
father organism
father parent
father person
father relative
fatherhood entity
fatherhood relation
fatherland district
fatherland entity
fatherland location
fatherland object
fathom entity
fatigue entity
fatness entity
faucet artifact
faucet device
faucet entity
faucet object
faucet regulator
fauna collection
fauna entity
fauna group
favor action
favor entity
favor event
favorite choice
favorite cognition
favorite entity
fawn bend
fax act
fax interact
fear emotion
fear entity
fear feeling
fear worry
fearlessness entity
fearlessness feeling
feasibility entity
feasibility practicability
feasibility quality
feat accomplishment
feat action
feat entity
feat event
feather covering
feather entity
feather material
feather object
feather part
feather relation
feather substance
feather connect
featherweight boxer
featherweight combatant
featherweight entity
featherweight object
featherweight organism
featherweight person
feature cognition
feature concept
feature entity
feature idea
federal entity
federal inhabitant
federal object
federal organism
federal person
federalism attitude
federalism cognition
federalism entity
federate unify
federation entity
federation group
federation organization
fedora artifact
fedora clothing
fedora commodity
fedora entity
fedora hat
fedora headdress
fedora object
fee cost
fee entity
fee relation
feed entity
feed food
feedback entity
feeder animal
feeder entity
feeder object
feeder organism
feel awareness
feel cognition
feel entity
feel knowing
feeling entity
felicity entity
felicity quality
felicity suitability
feline animal
feline carnivore
feline entity
feline mammal
feline object
feline organism
feline vertebrate
fell cut
felony activity
felony crime
felony entity
felony event
felony transgression
felt artifact
felt entity
felt fabric
felt object
female animal
female entity
female object
female organism
feminine class
feminine collection
feminine entity
feminine gender
feminine group
femininity entity
femininity trait
feminism belief
feminism cognition
feminism doctrine
feminism entity
feminist entity
feminist object
feminist organism
feminist person
feminist reformer
femur bone
femur entity
femur tissue
fence artifact
fence barrier
fence entity
fence object
fence obstruction
fence structure
fence surround
fender artifact
fender barrier
fender entity
fender object
fender obstruction
fender structure
ferment be
fern entity
fern object
fern organism
ferociousness entity
ferociousness immorality
ferociousness quality
ferocity degree
ferocity entity
ferret chase
ferret hound
ferret travel
ferry artifact
ferry boat
ferry entity
ferry object
ferry vehicle
ferry bring
fertilization beginning
fertilization entity
fertilization event
fertilization happening
fertilize change
fertilize enrich
fertilizer chemical
fertilizer entity
fertilizer material
fertilizer part
fertilizer relation
fertilizer substance
festival entity
fetch action
fetch entity
fetch event
fetish desire
fetish entity
fetish feeling
fettuccine entity
fettuccine solid
fetus animal
fetus entity
fetus object
fetus organism
fetus vertebrate
feud conflict
feud entity
feud event
feudalism entity
feudalism group
fever cognition
fever entity
fever evidence
fever symptom
few elite
few entity
few group
few people
fib entity
fib falsehood
fib lie
fib statement
fib act
fib inform
fib interact
fiber entity
fiber material
fiber part
fiber relation
fiber substance
fiction entity
fidelity accuracy
fidelity entity
fidelity quality
field entity
field location
field object
field tract
field touch
fielder athlete
fielder contestant
fielder entity
fielder object
fielder organism
fielder person
fielder player
fifteen entity
fifteen integer
fifteenth entity
fifteenth status
fifth entity
fifty entity
fifty integer
figment cognition
figment entity
figment idea
figure artwork
figure entity
figure illustration
figurine artifact
figurine entity
figurine object
file entity
file indication
file record
file have
file record
file register
filename entity
filename name
filename part
filename relation
filibuster entity
filibuster leader
filibuster legislator
filibuster object
filibuster organism
filibuster person
filibuster politician
filibuster obstruct
filibuster prevent
filing entity
filing submission
fill enough
fill entity
fill change
filler entity
filler material
filler part
filler relation
filler substance
fillet entity
fillet meat
fillet solid
fillet steak
fillet change
fillet decorate
filling entity
filling material
filling part
filling relation
filling substance
film have
film record
filter artifact
filter device
filter entity
filter object
filth entity
filth material
filth part
filth relation
filth substance
filth waste
filtrate chemical
filtrate entity
filtrate fluid
filtrate material
filtrate part
filtrate relation
filtrate substance
filtration entity
fin equip
fin supply
final contest
final entity
final event
finale entity
finale music
finale section
finalist contestant
finalist entity
finalist object
finalist organism
finalist person
finalist rival
finality entity
finality predictability
finality quality
finalization action
finalization entity
finalization event
finalize change
finance commerce
finance entity
finance event
finance transaction
finance pay
financier entity
financier object
financier organism
financier person
financier control
financier operate
finch animal
finch bird
finch entity
finch object
finch organism
finch vertebrate
finder entity
finder object
finder organism
finder person
finder seeker
fine cost
fine entity
fine payment
fine relation
fineness degree
fineness entity
fineness superiority
finery artifact
finery attire
finery clothing
finery commodity
finery entity
finery object
finger entity
finger extremity
finger touch
fingernail entity
fingernail nail
fingerprint entity
fingerprint indication
fingerprint reproduce
fingertip end
fingertip entity
fingertip location
fingertip object
fingertip region
fingertip tip
fir entity
fir material
fir part
fir relation
fir substance
fir wood
fire entity
fire event
fire happening
firebox artifact
firebox chamber
firebox enclosure
firebox entity
firebox furnace
firebox object
firebox structure
firecracker chemical
firecracker entity
firecracker explosive
firecracker firework
firecracker material
firecracker part
firecracker relation
firecracker substance
firefly animal
firefly beetle
firefly entity
firefly insect
firefly invertebrate
firefly object
firefly organism
fireplace artifact
fireplace enclosure
fireplace entity
fireplace object
fireplace structure
firewall drive
firewall entity
firewall event
firewood entity
firewood fuel
firework chemical
firework entity
firework explosive
firework material
firework part
firework relation
firework substance
firm business
firm entity
firm group
firm organization
firmness entity
firmness strength
first entity
first status
firstborn entity
firstborn object
firstborn offspring
firstborn organism
firstborn person
firstborn relative
fish animal
fish entity
fish object
fish organism
fish vertebrate
fish search
fisherman entity
fisherman object
fisherman organism
fisherman person
fisherman worker
fishery entity
fishery location
fishery object
fishery workplace
fishhook artifact
fishhook entity
fishhook implement
fishhook object
fishing activity
fishing diversion
fishing entity
fishing event
fishing sport
fishnet artifact
fishnet device
fishnet entity
fishnet object
fishnet trap
fishpond entity
fishpond lake
fishpond pond
fissure change
fist entity
fist hand
fit anger
fit emotion
fit entity
fit feeling
fitness entity
fitness quality
fitness suitability
five digit
five entity
five integer
fix condition
fix entity
fixture artifact
fixture entity
fixture object
fizz beverage
fizz entity
fizz fluid
fizz food
fizz liquid
fizz part
fizz relation
fizz substance
fjord entity
fjord inlet
flag artifact
flag decoration
flag emblem
flag entity
flag object
flag act
flag interact
flagship artifact
flagship entity
flagship object
flair aptitude
flair cognition
flair endowment
flair entity
flamboyance appearance
flamboyance entity
flamboyance quality
flamingo animal
flamingo bird
flamingo entity
flamingo object
flamingo organism
flamingo vertebrate
flank entity
flank formation
flank group
flank lie
flap artifact
flap entity
flap object
flare entity
flash entity
flash event
flash happening
flashback entity
flashback music
flashback section
flashlight artifact
flashlight device
flashlight entity
flashlight lamp
flashlight object
flask artifact
flask bottle
flask container
flask entity
flask object
flat entity
flat object
flat plain
flatten change
flatter praise
flatterer entity
flatterer follower
flatterer object
flatterer organism
flatterer person
flatulence condition
flatulence entity
flatworm animal
flatworm entity
flatworm invertebrate
flatworm object
flatworm organism
flatworm worm
flaunt entity
flaw change
flaw damage
flea animal
flea entity
flea insect
flea invertebrate
flea object
flea organism
flea parasite
flee leave
flee scat
fleece entity
fleece fiber
fleece material
fleece part
fleece relation
fleece substance
fleet collection
fleet entity
fleet group
flesh entity
flesh tissue
fleshiness entity
fleshiness fatness
flex action
flex entity
flex event
flex decrease
flexibility entity
flick entity
flick event
flick happening
flicker entity
flicker event
flicker flash
flicker happening
flier entity
flier object
flier organism
flier person
flier traveler
flight entity
flight formation
flight group
flight kill
flightiness entity
flightiness trait
flimsiness entity
fling throw
flint chemical
flint entity
flint material
flint oxide
flint part
flint relation
flint silica
flint substance
flip turn
flipper artifact
flipper entity
flipper object
flipper shoe
float entity
float travel
floating activity
floating diversion
floating entity
floating event
floating sport
floating swimming
flock congregation
flock entity
flock group
flock travel
flood entity
flood phenomenon
floodlight light
floor artifact
floor entity
floor object
floor surface
flop collapse
florist businessperson
florist entity
florist merchant
florist object
florist organism
florist person
flotation entity
flotation phenomenon
flounder entity
flounder seafood
flounder solid
flour entity
flour food
flour coat
flour cover
flourish entity
flow entity
flow event
flow happening
flower entity
flower object
flower organism
fluctuation entity
fluctuation event
fluctuation happening
fluff entity
fluff material
fluff part
fluff relation
fluff substance
fluid entity
fluid part
fluid relation
fluid substance
fluidity consistency
fluidity entity
fluoride chemical
fluoride entity
fluoride material
fluoride part
fluoride relation
fluoride salt
fluoride substance
fluorine entity
fluorine group
fluorine halogen
fluorine part
fluorine relation
fluorine substance
fluorite entity
fluorite material
fluorite mineral
fluorite part
fluorite relation
fluorite substance
fluster act
flute artifact
flute device
flute entity
flute object
flute crimp
flute fold
flux entity
flux rate
flux relation
fly animal
fly entity
fly insect
fly invertebrate
fly object
fly organism
fly travel
foal animal
foal entity
foal object
foal organism
foal young
foal produce
foam bubble
foam entity
foam bubble
foam emit
focus cognition
focus entity
focus faculty
fog aerosol
fog cloud
fog entity
fog phenomenon
foil artifact
foil entity
foil object
foil differ
fold entity
folk entity
folk group
folk people
folklore cognition
folklore entity
folklore lore
folks entity
folks group
folktale entity
folktale narrative
follicle entity
follow travel
follower entity
follower object
follower organism
follower person
following entity
following group
folly entity
folly trait
fondness entity
fondness feeling
fondness liking
fondue entity
fondue food
font entity
font signal
font symbol
food entity
fool entity
fool object
fool organism
fool person
fool simpleton
fool act
fool deceive
fool interact
fool treat
fool wrong
foot entity
foot pay
footage artifact
footage entity
footage equipment
footage object
football activity
football diversion
football entity
football event
football game
football sport
footbridge artifact
footbridge bridge
footbridge entity
footbridge object
footbridge structure
footer entity
foothill entity
foothill hill
foothill object
footman entity
footman object
footman organism
footman person
footman servant
footman worker
footnote entity
footnote statement
footprint entity
footprint indication
footwear artifact
footwear clothing
footwear commodity
footwear entity
footwear object
forbear refrain
forbid communicate
forbid order
forbid request
force entity
force influence
force power
force quality
forceps artifact
forceps device
forceps entity
forceps instrument
forceps object
ford pass
ford travel
ford traverse
forearm entity
forearm extremity
forearm limb
forearm arm
forecast predict
foreclosure entity
foreclosure event
foreclosure proceeding
forefather ancestor
forefather entity
forefather object
forefather organism
forefather person
forefather relative
forefront boundary
forefront entity
forefront front
forefront location
forefront object
forefront region
foreground cognition
foreground entity
foreground representation
foreground act
foreground convey
foreground express
foreground impart
foreground inform
foreground interact
foreground stress
forehand action
forehand entity
forehand event
forehand stroke
foreigner entity
foreigner object
foreigner organism
foreigner person
foreigner traveler
foreignness entity
foreignness quality
foreman entity
foreman leader
foreman object
foreman organism
foreman person
foreman superior
foreman supervisor
foreplay entity
foresight entity
foresight morality
foresight prudence
foresight quality
foresight trait
forest collection
forest entity
forest group
forest vegetation
forestry biology
forestry cognition
forestry discipline
forestry entity
forestry science
foreword entity
foreword music
foreword section
forfeit entity
forfeit loss
forfeit relation
forfeit abandon
forfeit discard
forge artifact
forge chamber
forge enclosure
forge entity
forge furnace
forge object
forge structure
forger entity
forger object
forger organism
forger person
forger worker
forgetfulness condition
forgetfulness entity
forging activity
forging creation
forging entity
forging event
forgive agree
forgiveness compassion
forgiveness entity
forgiveness feeling
fork artifact
fork entity
fork object
fork ware
form entity
form part
form relation
form word
formality ceremony
formality entity
formality event
formalization activity
formalization entity
formalization event
format entity
format information
formation entity
formation group
formative entity
formative part
formative relation
former entity
former first
former status
formula entity
formula statement
formulation chemical
formulation entity
formulation material
formulation part
formulation relation
formulation substance
fornication entity
fort act
fort interact
forte asset
forte entity
forte quality
forties entity
fortification artifact
fortification entity
fortification object
fortification structure
fortitude courage
fortitude entity
fortitude morality
fortitude quality
fortitude trait
fortnight entity
fortress artifact
fortress entity
fortress object
fortress structure
fortuneteller entity
fortuneteller intellectual
fortuneteller object
fortuneteller organism
fortuneteller person
forty entity
forty integer
forum entity
forum gathering
forum group
forum meeting
forward athlete
forward contestant
forward entity
forward object
forward organism
forward person
forwarding causing
forwarding entity
forwarding event
forwarding sending
forwarding transmission
fossilization entity
fossilize change
foster promote
foster support
fostering encouragement
fostering entity
foul activity
foul entity
foul event
foul hit
found cost
found entity
found payment
found relation
found wage
foundation entity
foundation relation
fountain artifact
fountain entity
fountain object
fountain structure
four digit
four entity
four integer
fourteen entity
fourteen integer
fourteenth entity
fourteenth status
fourth entity
fourth status
fowl get
fowl hunt
fox animal
fox carnivore
fox entity
fox mammal
fox object
fox organism
fox vertebrate
foxhound animal
foxhound carnivore
foxhound dog
foxhound entity
foxhound hound
foxhound mammal
foxhound object
foxhound organism
foxhound vertebrate
fraction chemical
fraction entity
fraction material
fraction part
fraction relation
fraction substance
fracture condition
fracture entity
fracture injury
fragment entity
frail entity
frame artifact
frame entity
frame object
frame structure
frame surround
framing activity
framing creation
framing entity
framing event
franchise agreement
franchise concession
franchise contract
franchise document
franchise entity
franchise statement
franchise act
franchise authorize
franchise license
franchise permit
franchise react
frank entity
frank inhabitant
frank object
frank organism
frank person
frankincense entity
frankincense material
frankincense part
frankincense relation
frankincense substance
fraternity association
fraternity entity
fraternity group
fraternity organization
fraternization entity
fraternization event
fraud activity
fraud crime
fraud entity
fraud event
fraud transgression
fraudulence entity
fraudulence falsehood
fraudulence misrepresentation
fraudulence statement
freak entity
freak mutant
freak object
freak organism
freckle artifact
freckle decoration
freckle entity
freckle object
free entity
free group
free people
freebie entity
freebie gift
freebie relation
freedom entity
freehold entity
freehold property
freehold relation
freeman citizen
freeman entity
freeman national
freeman object
freeman organism
freeman person
freestyle contest
freestyle entity
freestyle event
freeze cooling
freeze entity
freight transport
frequency entity
frequency rate
frequency relation
freshman entity
freshman object
freshman organism
freshman person
freshman student
freshman undergraduate
freshness age
freshness entity
freshness newness
fret agitation
fret condition
fret entity
friar entity
friar object
friar organism
friar person
friar religious
friend entity
friend object
friend organism
friend person
friendliness entity
friendliness feeling
friendliness liking
friendly entity
friendly group
friendly organization
friendship entity
frighten arouse
frightfulness entity
frightfulness quality
frigidity entity
frigidity quality
fringe change
fringe decorate
friskiness entity
friskiness trait
fritter entity
fritter solid
fritter pay
frog animal
frog entity
frog object
frog organism
frog vertebrate
frog get
front boundary
front entity
front location
front object
front region
front lie
frontage entity
frontage magnitude
frontier entity
frontier location
frontier object
frost crystal
frost entity
frost ice
frost solid
frost cover
frostbite condition
frostbite entity
frostbite injury
frostiness agent
frostiness entity
frostiness temperature
fructose carbohydrate
fructose chemical
fructose entity
fructose material
fructose molecule
fructose part
fructose relation
fructose substance
fruit entity
fruit object
fruition condition
fruition entity
fruitlessness cognition
fruitlessness entity
fruitlessness inability
frustration desire
frustration disappointment
frustration dissatisfaction
frustration entity
frustration feeling
frustration longing
fryer chicken
fryer entity
fryer meat
fryer solid
fuchsia entity
fuchsia object
fuchsia organism
fuchsia shrub
fuck entity
fuel entity
fuel supply
fugitive entity
fugitive object
fugitive organism
fugitive person
fulcrum artifact
fulcrum device
fulcrum entity
fulcrum object
fulfillment contentment
fulfillment entity
fulfillment feeling
fulfillment satisfaction
full strike
full touch
fullback athlete
fullback contestant
fullback entity
fullback object
fullback organism
fullback person
fullback player
fullback compete
fullback play
fume feel
fumigate affect
fumigate change
fumigate process
fumigation activity
fumigation entity
fumigation event
fumigation work
fun activity
fun diversion
fun entity
fun event
function entity
function relation
functionalism cognition
functionalism entity
functionalism theory
functionalism thinking
functionality entity
functionality practicality
functionality quality
fund entity
fund money
fund standard
fund finance
fund pay
fundamental beginning
fundamental cause
fundamental entity
fundamental event
fundamental factor
fundamental happening
fundamentalism belief
fundamentalism cognition
fundamentalism entity
fundamentalism morality
fundamentalism quality
fundamentalism religion
fundamentalist entity
fundamentalist object
fundamentalist organism
fundamentalist person
fundamentalist protestant
funds assets
funds entity
funds relation
funeral ceremony
funeral entity
funeral event
fungi entity
fungi group
fungus entity
fungus object
fungus organism
funk condition
funk depression
funk entity
funnel entity
fur entity
fur material
fur part
fur relation
fur substance
furlough entity
furlough leave
furnace artifact
furnace chamber
furnace enclosure
furnace entity
furnace object
furnace structure
furnishing accessory
furnishing artifact
furnishing clothing
furnishing commodity
furnishing entity
furnishing object
furniture artifact
furniture entity
furniture object
fury anger
fury emotion
fury entity
fury feeling
fuse artifact
fuse device
fuse entity
fuse object
fuselage artifact
fuselage entity
fuselage object
fuselage structure
fusion entity
fusion event
fusion happening
fuss worry
futility entity
futility quality
future entity
futurism entity
futurism group
futurist entity
futurist intellectual
futurist object
futurist organism
futurist person
futurist scholar
futurist theologian
gag forget
gag restrain
gag suppress
gala activity
gala diversion
gala entity
gala event
galaxy collection
galaxy entity
galaxy group
gale entity
gale phenomenon
gale weather
gale wind
galleria entity
galleria group
gallery audience
gallery entity
gallery gathering
gallery group
galley artifact
galley entity
galley object
galley vehicle
gallop action
gallop entity
gallop event
gallop ride
gallop travel
gallows artifact
gallows device
gallows entity
gallows instrument
gallows object
gamble assets
gamble entity
gamble relation
gamble act
gamble try
gambler entity
gambler object
gambler organism
gambler person
gambling activity
gambling diversion
gambling entity
gambling event
gambling transgression
game activity
game entity
game event
gamekeeper custodian
gamekeeper defender
gamekeeper entity
gamekeeper object
gamekeeper organism
gamekeeper person
gamma entity
gamma signal
gamma symbol
gamut entity
gamut magnitude
gamut scope
gander animal
gander bird
gander entity
gander goose
gander object
gander organism
gander vertebrate
gander waterfowl
gang association
gang entity
gang group
gang organization
gang act
gang interact
gangster criminal
gangster entity
gangster object
gangster organism
gangster person
gangway artifact
gangway entity
gangway object
gap difference
gap disparity
gap entity
gap inequality
gap quality
gap open
garage artifact
garage building
garage entity
garage object
garage structure
garage have
garbage entity
garbage material
garbage part
garbage relation
garbage substance
garbage waste
garden entity
garden location
garden object
garden tract
garden help
garden support
gardener entity
gardener expert
gardener object
gardener organism
gardener person
gardening commerce
gardening entity
gardening event
gardening farming
gardening transaction
garland change
garland decorate
garlic entity
garlic object
garlic organism
garment artifact
garment clothing
garment commodity
garment entity
garment object
garnet crystal
garnet entity
garnet material
garnet mineral
garnet part
garnet relation
garnet solid
garnet substance
garnish artifact
garnish decoration
garnish entity
garnish object
garter artifact
garter entity
garter object
garter attach
garter connect
garter fasten
gas entity
gas phenomenon
gas attack
gasket artifact
gasket device
gasket entity
gasket object
gaslight energy
gaslight entity
gaslight light
gaslight phenomenon
gaslight radiation
gasoline chemical
gasoline entity
gasoline fuel
gasoline hydrocarbon
gasoline material
gasoline part
gasoline relation
gasoline substance
gastritis cognition
gastritis entity
gastritis evidence
gastritis inflammation
gastritis symptom
gastronomy action
gastronomy cooking
gastronomy cuisine
gastronomy entity
gastronomy event
gate artifact
gate barrier
gate entity
gate object
gate obstruction
gate structure
gate supply
gateway artifact
gateway entity
gateway entrance
gateway object
gather artifact
gather entity
gather object
gatherer entity
gatherer object
gatherer organism
gatherer person
gathering entity
gathering group
gaudy banquet
gaudy entity
gaudy gathering
gaudy group
gauge artifact
gauge device
gauge entity
gauge instrument
gauge object
gauze artifact
gauze entity
gauze fabric
gauze object
gaze activity
gaze entity
gaze event
gaze stare
gaze look
gazelle animal
gazelle antelope
gazelle entity
gazelle mammal
gazelle object
gazelle organism
gazelle vertebrate
gazette artifact
gazette entity
gazette medium
gazette newspaper
gazette object
gazette print
gear artifact
gear device
gear entity
gear object
gear wheel
gear adapt
gearbox artifact
gearbox entity
gearbox object
gecko animal
gecko entity
gecko lizard
gecko object
gecko organism
gecko reptile
gecko vertebrate
geek entertainer
geek entity
geek object
geek organism
geek performer
geek person
geezer adult
geezer entity
geezer man
geezer object
geezer organism
geezer person
geisha adult
geisha entity
geisha inhabitant
geisha object
geisha organism
geisha person
geisha woman
gel entity
gel mixture
gel part
gel relation
gel substance
gem art
gem artifact
gem entity
gem object
gender class
gender collection
gender entity
gender group
gene entity
gene group
gene sequence
gene series
genealogist entity
genealogist expert
genealogist object
genealogist organism
genealogist person
genealogy entity
genealogy group
general entity
general object
general organism
general person
general serviceman
general worker
general command
general control
generalization cognition
generalization entity
generalize reason
generator apparatus
generator artifact
generator entity
generator equipment
generator object
generic alcohol
generic beverage
generic drug
generic entity
generic fluid
generic food
generic liquid
generic part
generic relation
generic substance
generic wine
generosity entity
generosity kindness
generosity morality
generosity quality
genesis beginning
genesis entity
genesis event
genesis happening
geneticist biologist
geneticist entity
geneticist object
geneticist organism
geneticist person
geneticist scientist
genetics biology
genetics cognition
genetics discipline
genetics entity
genetics science
genie belief
genie cognition
genie entity
genitalia entity
genitalia organ
genius entity
genius intellectual
genius object
genius organism
genius person
genocide action
genocide entity
genocide event
genome entity
genome group
genre cognition
genre concept
genre entity
genre idea
genre kind
gent adult
gent entity
gent gentleman
gent man
gent object
gent organism
gent person
gentleman adult
gentleman entity
gentleman man
gentleman object
gentleman organism
gentleman person
genuineness actuality
genuineness being
genuineness entity
genus cognition
genus concept
genus entity
genus idea
genus kind
geographer entity
geographer expert
geographer object
geographer organism
geographer person
geography cognition
geography discipline
geography entity
geography science
geologist entity
geologist object
geologist organism
geologist person
geologist scientist
geology cognition
geology discipline
geology entity
geology science
geometry cognition
geometry discipline
geometry entity
geometry mathematics
geometry science
geophysics cognition
geophysics discipline
geophysics entity
geophysics geology
geophysics science
geopolitics cognition
geopolitics discipline
geopolitics entity
geopolitics science
geranium entity
geranium herb
geranium object
geranium organism
gerbil animal
gerbil entity
gerbil mammal
gerbil object
gerbil organism
gerbil rodent
gerbil vertebrate
germination entity
germination growth
gestation entity
gesticulation entity
gesture action
gesture entity
gesture event
get action
get entity
get event
get stroke
ghetto district
ghetto entity
ghetto location
ghetto object
ghost cognition
ghost entity
ghost illusion
ghost representation
ghost travel
giant animal
giant entity
giant object
giant organism
giblet entity
giblet meat
giblet solid
giddiness entity
giddiness trait
gift entity
gift relation
gig artifact
gig boat
gig entity
gig object
gig vehicle
gigabyte entity
giggle entity
giggle laugh
giggle utterance
giggle laugh
gill entity
gin alcohol
gin beverage
gin drug
gin entity
gin fluid
gin food
gin liquid
gin liquor
gin part
gin relation
gin substance
ginger entity
ginger herb
ginger object
ginger organism
ginger season
ginger zest
gingerbread entity
gingerbread solid
ginseng entity
ginseng object
ginseng root
giraffe animal
giraffe entity
giraffe mammal
giraffe object
giraffe organism
giraffe vertebrate
girdle entity
girdle cut
girl adult
girl entity
girl object
girl organism
girl person
girl woman
girlfriend adult
girlfriend entity
girlfriend friend
girlfriend object
girlfriend organism
girlfriend person
girlfriend woman
girth circumference
girth entity
girth magnitude
girth size
give elasticity
give entity
giveaway entity
giveaway gift
giveaway relation
given cognition
given concept
given entity
given idea
giver entity
giver object
giver organism
giver person
giving entity
giving event
gizzard entity
glacier entity
glacier object
gladiator combatant
gladiator entity
gladiator object
gladiator organism
gladiator person
gladness entity
gladness feeling
glance activity
glance entity
glance event
glance look
gland entity
gland organ
glare brightness
glare entity
glass entity
glass solid
glass supply
glassware artifact
glassware entity
glassware object
glassware ware
glaucoma condition
glaucoma disease
glaucoma entity
glaucoma illness
glaze artifact
glaze decoration
glaze entity
glaze garnish
glaze object
glaze topping
glaze coat
glaze cover
glen entity
glen object
glen valley
glide travel
glider aircraft
glider artifact
glider entity
glider object
glider vehicle
glimpse perceive
glimpse see
glitter brightness
glitter entity
glitter be
gloom dark
gloom entity
glory entity
glory standing
glory status
glory feel
glory rejoice
gloss entity
gloss explanation
gloss statement
gloss change
gloss polish
glossary artifact
glossary book
glossary entity
glossary object
glossary publication
glowworm animal
glowworm beetle
glowworm entity
glowworm insect
glowworm invertebrate
glowworm object
glowworm organism
glucose carbohydrate
glucose chemical
glucose entity
glucose material
glucose molecule
glucose part
glucose relation
glucose substance
glue entity
glue material
glue part
glue relation
glue substance
glue attach
glue connect
gluten chemical
gluten entity
gluten material
gluten molecule
gluten part
gluten protein
gluten relation
gluten substance
gluttony entity
gluttony indiscipline
gluttony trait
glycerol entity
glycerol fluid
glycerol liquid
glycerol part
glycerol relation
glycerol substance
gnat animal
gnat entity
gnat insect
gnat invertebrate
gnat object
gnat organism
gnome belief
gnome cognition
gnome entity
gnome fairy
go entity
goal cognition
goal entity
goalkeeper athlete
goalkeeper contestant
goalkeeper entity
goalkeeper object
goalkeeper organism
goalkeeper person
goalkeeper player
goat animal
goat entity
goat mammal
goat object
goat organism
goat vertebrate
goatskin entity
goatskin hide
goatskin material
goatskin part
goatskin relation
goatskin substance
goblet artifact
goblet container
goblet entity
goblet object
goblin belief
goblin cognition
goblin entity
godchild baby
godchild entity
godchild object
godchild offspring
godchild organism
godchild person
godchild relative
goddess belief
goddess cognition
goddess deity
goddess entity
godfather benefactor
godfather entity
godfather godparent
godfather object
godfather organism
godfather person
godliness entity
godliness morality
godliness piety
godliness quality
godliness righteousness
godmother benefactor
godmother entity
godmother godparent
godmother object
godmother organism
godmother person
godparent benefactor
godparent entity
godparent object
godparent organism
godparent person
gold assets
gold entity
gold relation
gold treasure
gold valuable
goldfish animal
goldfish entity
goldfish fish
goldfish object
goldfish organism
goldfish vertebrate
goldsmith entity
goldsmith maker
goldsmith object
goldsmith organism
goldsmith person
golf activity
golf diversion
golf entity
golf event
golf game
golf sport
golf compete
golf play
gong artifact
gong device
gong entity
gong object
gonorrhea condition
gonorrhea disease
gonorrhea entity
gonorrhea illness
good advantage
good asset
good entity
good quality
goose animal
goose bird
goose entity
goose object
goose organism
goose vertebrate
goose waterfowl
goose grip
goose pinch
goose seize
gooseberry entity
gooseberry object
gooseberry organism
gooseberry shrub
gore enter
gore penetrate
gorge entity
gorge object
gorge ravine
gorge valley
gorilla animal
gorilla ape
gorilla entity
gorilla mammal
gorilla object
gorilla organism
gorilla vertebrate
gospel entity
gouge change
gouge injure
gourd artifact
gourd bottle
gourd container
gourd entity
gourd object
gout arthritis
gout condition
gout disease
gout entity
gout illness
governess adult
governess educator
governess entity
governess object
governess organism
governess person
governess professional
governess teacher
government entity
government group
government organization
governor entity
governor leader
governor object
governor organism
governor person
governor politician
governorship activity
governorship entity
governorship event
governorship occupation
gown artifact
gown clothing
gown commodity
gown dress
gown entity
gown object
grab artifact
grab device
grab entity
grab object
grace entity
gracefulness entity
gracelessness entity
graciousness entity
graciousness trait
grad entity
gradation entity
gradation status
gradient entity
gradient relation
gradual entity
gradual music
graduate get
graduate receive
graduation action
graduation entity
graduation event
graft entity
graft tissue
graft connect
grail cognition
grail entity
grail goal
grain entity
grain material
grain part
grain relation
grain substance
gram entity
grammar cognition
grammar discipline
grammar entity
grammar linguistics
grammar science
grandchild entity
grandchild object
grandchild offspring
grandchild organism
grandchild person
grandchild relative
granddaughter entity
granddaughter grandchild
granddaughter object
granddaughter offspring
granddaughter organism
granddaughter person
granddaughter relative
grandfather ancestor
grandfather entity
grandfather grandparent
grandfather object
grandfather organism
grandfather person
grandfather relative
grandiosity entity
grandma ancestor
grandma entity
grandma grandparent
grandma object
grandma organism
grandma person
grandma relative
grandmaster contestant
grandmaster entity
grandmaster object
grandmaster organism
grandmaster person
grandmaster player
grandparent ancestor
grandparent entity
grandparent object
grandparent organism
grandparent person
grandparent relative
grandson entity
grandson grandchild
grandson object
grandson offspring
grandson organism
grandson person
grandson relative
granite entity
granite material
granite part
granite relation
granite substance
grant entity
grant gift
grant relation
grape entity
grape fruit
grape object
grape produce
grape solid
grapefruit entity
grapefruit object
grapefruit organism
grapefruit tree
grapevine entity
grapevine event
graph entity
graphic artifact
graphic entity
graphic object
graphic picture
graphite carbon
graphite entity
graphite part
graphite relation
graphite substance
grasping cognition
grasping entity
grasping knowing
grasping understanding
grass entity
grass herb
grass object
grass organism
grass change
grass injure
grass shoot
grasshopper animal
grasshopper entity
grasshopper insect
grasshopper invertebrate
grasshopper object
grasshopper organism
grassland entity
grassland group
grassland location
grassland object
grassland tract
grate artifact
grate entity
grate object
grate structure
grate supply
gratefulness entity
gratefulness feeling
gratefulness gratitude
grater artifact
grater entity
grater implement
grater object
grater utensil
gratification emotion
gratification entity
gratification feeling
gratitude entity
gratitude feeling
grave entity
gravel entity
gravel material
gravel part
gravel relation
gravel substance
gravity attraction
gravity entity
gravity phenomenon
gravy condiment
gravy entity
gravy food
gravy sauce
gray color
gray entity
graze abrasion
graze condition
graze entity
graze injury
graze wound
grease chemical
grease entity
grease lipid
grease material
grease molecule
grease oil
grease part
grease relation
grease substance
grease cover
greasiness entity
greasiness fatness
great entity
great object
great organism
great person
greatness entity
greatness importance
greatness quality
greed entity
greediness entity
greediness gluttony
greediness indiscipline
greediness trait
green color
green entity
greenery entity
greenery leaf
greenery object
greenhouse artifact
greenhouse building
greenhouse entity
greenhouse object
greenhouse structure
greenness abundance
greenness entity
greenness magnitude
greens entity
greens produce
greens solid
greens vegetable
greet come
greet travel
greeting entity
grenade artifact
grenade bomb
grenade device
grenade entity
grenade object
grenade weaponry
grenadine entity
grenadine food
grenadine syrup
greyhound animal
greyhound carnivore
greyhound dog
greyhound entity
greyhound hound
greyhound mammal
greyhound object
greyhound organism
greyhound vertebrate
grid cognition
grid entity
griddle artifact
griddle entity
griddle implement
griddle object
griddle utensil
gridlock crowd
gridlock entity
gridlock gathering
gridlock group
grief entity
grief feeling
grief sadness
grief sorrow
griminess condition
griminess entity
grin act
grin interact
grin smile
grinding entity
grinding material
grinding part
grinding relation
grinding substance
grip seize
gripe entity
gripe event
gripe complain
grit entity
grit material
grit part
grit relation
grit sandstone
grit substance
grit coat
grit cover
grizzly animal
grizzly bear
grizzly carnivore
grizzly entity
grizzly mammal
grizzly object
grizzly organism
grizzly vertebrate
grocer businessperson
grocer entity
grocer merchant
grocer object
grocer organism
grocer person
groin entity
groin construct
groom associate
groom entity
groom object
groom organism
groom participant
groom peer
groom person
groove entity
groove cut
grope entity
grope event
grope search
gross entity
gross integer
gross get
grotto cave
grotto entity
grotto object
group entity
group categorize
group classify
groupie entity
groupie follower
groupie object
groupie organism
groupie person
grout artifact
grout entity
grout mixture
grout object
grout part
grout plaster
grout relation
grout substance
grout attach
grout connect
grout fasten
grove collection
grove entity
grove forest
grove group
grove vegetation
growl entity
growl event
growl happening
growth entity
grubby animal
grubby entity
grubby fish
grubby object
grubby organism
grubby vertebrate
grudge emotion
grudge entity
grudge feeling
grudge hate
grudge resentment
gruel entity
gruel food
gruel porridge
grunt entity
grunt event
grunt happening
grunt noise
grunter entity
grunter object
grunter organism
grunter person
guarantee entity
guarantee declare
guarantee pledge
guarantee promise
guarantee state
guard defender
guard entity
guard object
guard organism
guard person
guard analyze
guard check
guardsman entity
guardsman object
guardsman organism
guardsman person
guardsman serviceman
guardsman soldier
guardsman worker
guava entity
guava object
guava organism
guava tree
guerrilla entity
guerrilla object
guerrilla organism
guerrilla person
guerrilla warrior
guess entity
guesstimate cognition
guesstimate entity
guesstimate estimate
guesstimate thinking
guesstimate calculate
guesstimate estimate
guest entity
guest object
guest organism
guest person
guest traveler
guest visitor
guidance entity
guidebook artifact
guidebook book
guidebook entity
guidebook handbook
guidebook object
guidebook publication
guideline entity
guideline indication
guillotine kill
guilt condition
guilt entity
guinea coinage
guinea coin
guinea currency
guinea entity
guinea standard
guise appearance
guise entity
guise quality
guise semblance
guitar artifact
guitar device
guitar entity
guitar object
guitarist entertainer
guitarist entity
guitarist musician
guitarist object
guitarist organism
guitarist performer
guitarist person
gulf entity
gully entity
gully object
gully valley
gulp consumption
gulp entity
gulp drink
gum cover
gun artifact
gun device
gun entity
gun instrument
gun object
gun weapon
gunman criminal
gunman entity
gunman killer
gunman murderer
gunman object
gunman organism
gunman person
gunpowder chemical
gunpowder entity
gunpowder explosive
gunpowder material
gunpowder part
gunpowder relation
gunpowder substance
guru entity
guru leader
guru object
guru organism
guru person
gust entity
gust phenomenon
gust weather
gust wind
gusto enjoyment
gusto enthusiasm
gusto entity
gusto feeling
gusto pleasure
gut change
gut empty
gutter artifact
gutter entity
gutter object
guy adult
guy entity
guy man
guy object
guy organism
guy person
guzzle drink
gymnast athlete
gymnast contestant
gymnast entity
gymnast object
gymnast organism
gymnast person
gymnastics activity
gymnastics diversion
gymnastics entity
gymnastics event
gymnastics sport
gynecology cognition
gynecology discipline
gynecology entity
gynecology medicine
gynecology science
gyro entity
gyro food
gyro sandwich
habit cognition
habit entity
habitability entity
habitability fitness
habitability quality
habitability suitability
habitat entity
habitat location
habitat object
habitation entity
habitation habitat
habitation location
habitation object
hacienda entity
hacienda property
hacienda relation
hack entity
hack object
hack organism
hack person
hacker contestant
hacker entity
hacker object
hacker organism
hacker person
hacker player
hag adult
hag entity
hag object
hag organism
hag person
hag woman
haiku entity
haiku poem
hail entity
hail phenomenon
hail weather
hair covering
hair entity
hair object
hairpiece artifact
hairpiece attire
hairpiece clothing
hairpiece commodity
hairpiece entity
hairpiece object
hairpin artifact
hairpin device
hairpin entity
hairpin object
halftime entity
halftime pause
hallmark entity
hallmark quality
hallucination condition
hallucination delusion
hallucination entity
hallway artifact
hallway corridor
hallway entity
hallway object
halogen entity
halogen group
halter artifact
halter entity
halter equipment
halter object
halter execute
halter kill
halter punish
halve calculate
ham entity
ham meat
ham solid
hamburger entity
hamburger food
hamburger sandwich
hamlet community
hamlet entity
hamlet gathering
hamlet group
hammer artifact
hammer device
hammer entity
hammer object
hammer strike
hammer touch
hamper forget
hamper restrain
hamster animal
hamster entity
hamster mammal
hamster object
hamster organism
hamster rodent
hamster vertebrate
hand entity
handball artifact
handball ball
handball entity
handball equipment
handball object
handbook artifact
handbook book
handbook entity
handbook object
handbook publication
handcart artifact
handcart container
handcart entity
handcart object
handcart vehicle
handcraft craft
handcraft fashion
handful entity
handicraft artifact
handicraft entity
handicraft object
handiness entity
handiness skillfulness
handkerchief artifact
handkerchief entity
handkerchief fabric
handkerchief object
handkerchief piece
handle entity
handle object
handling activity
handling entity
handling event
handling work
handmaid entity
handmaid inferiority
handmaid status
handover action
handover entity
handover event
handset artifact
handset entity
handset equipment
handset object
handset telephone
handshake entity
handwriting entity
handyman entity
handyman object
handyman organism
handyman person
handyman worker
hanger entity
hanger object
hanger organism
hanger person
hanger worker
hanging artifact
hanging decoration
hanging entity
hanging object
hangman entity
hangman executioner
hangman killer
hangman object
hangman organism
hangman person
hangover condition
hangover discomfort
hangover entity
happening entity
happening event
happiness emotion
happiness entity
happiness feeling
harass annoy
harassment anger
harassment emotion
harassment entity
harassment feeling
harbor feel
hardball attitude
hardball cognition
hardball entity
hardening cognition
hardening entity
hardening evidence
hardening symptom
hardness consistency
hardness entity
hardware artifact
hardware entity
hardware object
hardware weaponry
hare animal
hare entity
hare mammal
hare object
hare organism
hare vertebrate
hare run
hare travel
harem artifact
harem entity
harem housing
harem object
harem structure
hark listen
hark perceive
harm change
harm injure
harmfulness entity
harmfulness quality
harmonic cognition
harmonic entity
harmonic sensation
harmonica artifact
harmonica device
harmonica entity
harmonica object
harmonization entity
harmonization music
harmony entity
harmony quality
harness artifact
harness device
harness entity
harness object
harness attach
harness connect
harp artifact
harp device
harp entity
harp object
harp act
harp inform
harp interact
harp repeat
harpsichord artifact
harpsichord device
harpsichord entity
harpsichord object
harshness entity
harshness roughness
harshness texture
harvester employee
harvester entity
harvester farmhand
harvester laborer
harvester object
harvester organism
harvester person
harvester worker
harvester workman
hash entity
hash food
hash chop
hash cut
hashish drug
hashish entity
hashish narcotic
hat artifact
hat clothing
hat commodity
hat entity
hat headdress
hat object
hat dress
hatch entity
hatchway artifact
hatchway entity
hatchway entrance
hatchway object
hate emotion
hate entity
hate feeling
hate dislike
haul pull
haunch entity
haven artifact
haven entity
haven object
haven shelter
haven structure
havoc action
havoc entity
havoc event
hawk animal
hawk bird
hawk entity
hawk object
hawk organism
hawk vertebrate
hay entity
hay feed
hay food
hay change
hazard entity
haze aerosol
haze cloud
haze entity
haze phenomenon
haze change
hazel entity
hazel object
hazel organism
hazel tree
hazelnut entity
hazelnut object
hazelnut organism
hazelnut tree
haziness entity
haziness quality
head entity
head travel
headband artifact
headband entity
headband object
headdress artifact
headdress clothing
headdress commodity
headdress entity
headdress object
heading entity
heading text
headline entity
headline heading
headline text
headline act
headline advertise
headline announce
headline inform
headline interact
headmaster adult
headmaster educator
headmaster entity
headmaster object
headmaster organism
headmaster person
headmaster professional
headquarter supply
headquarters artifact
headquarters entity
headquarters object
headquarters office
headquarters structure
headscarf artifact
headscarf clothing
headscarf commodity
headscarf entity
headscarf garment
headscarf kerchief
headscarf object
headset artifact
headset device
headset entity
headset object
headship activity
headship entity
headship event
headship occupation
healing entity
health entity
health wellbeing
hear perceive
hearing entity
hearing event
hearing proceeding
heart cognition
heart entity
heart idea
heart impression
heartburn cognition
heartburn entity
heartburn evidence
heartburn symptom
heartland entity
heartland location
heartland object
heartlessness entity
heartlessness feeling
hearts activity
hearts entity
hearts event
hearts game
heat energy
heat entity
heat phenomenon
heat change
heater artifact
heater device
heater entity
heater object
heathen entity
heathen object
heathen organism
heathen person
heather entity
heather object
heather organism
heather shrub
heating entity
heave entity
heave event
heave happening
heaviness entity
heaviness weight
heavy actor
heavy entertainer
heavy entity
heavy object
heavy organism
heavy performer
heavy person
heavyweight boxer
heavyweight combatant
heavyweight entity
heavyweight object
heavyweight organism
heavyweight person
hedge artifact
hedge barrier
hedge entity
hedge fence
hedge object
hedge obstruction
hedge structure
hedge avoid
heed obey
heel bottom
heel boundary
heel entity
heel location
heel object
heel region
heifer animal
heifer bovine
heifer cattle
heifer cow
heifer entity
heifer mammal
heifer object
heifer organism
heifer vertebrate
heifer young
height dimension
height entity
height magnitude
heir entity
heir object
heir organism
heir person
heir recipient
heiress entity
heiress heir
heiress object
heiress organism
heiress person
heiress recipient
heirloom entity
heirloom property
heirloom relation
heist activity
heist crime
heist entity
heist event
heist felony
heist robbery
heist transgression
helicopter aircraft
helicopter artifact
helicopter entity
helicopter object
helicopter vehicle
heliport airfield
heliport airport
heliport artifact
heliport entity
heliport facility
heliport object
helium entity
helium part
helium relation
helium substance
hell entity
hell location
hell object
hell region
hello entity
hello greeting
helm artifact
helm device
helm entity
helm object
helm control
helm steer
helmet artifact
helmet entity
helmet object
helmet shield
helmsman entity
helmsman mariner
helmsman object
helmsman organism
helmsman person
helmsman sailor
helmsman worker
help support
helpfulness entity
helpfulness quality
helping entity
helplessness entity
helplessness quality
hem boundary
hem entity
hem location
hem object
hem region
hem attach
hem connect
hem fasten
hem sew
hematologist adult
hematologist doctor
hematologist entity
hematologist object
hematologist organism
hematologist person
hematologist professional
hemisphere entity
hemisphere location
hemisphere object
hemlock entity
hemlock poison
hemoglobin chemical
hemoglobin entity
hemoglobin material
hemoglobin molecule
hemoglobin part
hemoglobin protein
hemoglobin relation
hemoglobin substance
hemorrhoid cognition
hemorrhoid entity
hemorrhoid evidence
hemorrhoid pain
hemorrhoid symptom
hemp entity
hemp fiber
hemp material
hemp part
hemp relation
hemp substance
hen animal
hen bird
hen entity
hen object
hen organism
hen vertebrate
henna dye
henna entity
henna material
henna part
henna relation
henna substance
henna change
henna color
henna tint
hepatitis condition
hepatitis disease
hepatitis entity
hepatitis illness
herald entity
herald messenger
herald object
herald organism
herald person
herald traveler
herb entity
herb object
herb organism
herbalist entity
herbalist expert
herbalist object
herbalist organism
herbalist person
herbalist therapist
herbivore animal
herbivore entity
herbivore object
herbivore organism
herd entity
herd group
here entity
here location
here object
heredity entity
heretic entity
heretic object
heretic organism
heretic outcast
heretic person
heretic unfortunate
heritage cognition
heritage entity
hermaphrodite bisexual
hermaphrodite entity
hermaphrodite object
hermaphrodite organism
hermaphrodite person
hernia condition
hernia entity
hernia injury
hernia rupture
hero entity
hero leader
hero object
hero organism
hero person
heroin drug
heroin entity
heroin narcotic
heroine acting
heroine activity
heroine cognition
heroine discipline
heroine entity
heroine event
heroism courage
heroism entity
heroism trait
herpes condition
herpes disease
herpes entity
herpes illness
herring entity
herring seafood
herring solid
hertz entity
hertz rate
hertz relation
hesitation condition
hesitation doubt
hesitation entity
heterosexual entity
heterosexual object
heterosexual organism
heterosexual person
heterosexuality entity
hex entity
hex control
hexagon entity
hexagon polygon
hexagram entity
hibernate sleep
hibiscus entity
hibiscus object
hibiscus organism
hibiscus shrub
hickory entity
hickory material
hickory part
hickory relation
hickory substance
hickory wood
hide entity
hide material
hide part
hide relation
hide substance
hideout entity
hideout location
hideout object
hierarchy entity
hierarchy group
hierarchy series
hieroglyph entity
high degree
high entity
highbrow entity
highbrow intellectual
highbrow object
highbrow organism
highbrow person
highland entity
highland object
highlander entity
highlander object
highlander organism
highlander person
highlander serviceman
highlander soldier
highlander worker
highlight entity
highlight part
highlight relation
highness aristocrat
highness entity
highness leader
highness object
highness organism
highness person
highroad artifact
highroad entity
highroad highway
highroad object
highroad road
highway artifact
highway entity
highway object
highway road
hijack activity
hijack crime
hijack entity
hijack event
hijack transgression
hike action
hike entity
hike event
hike travel
hilarity entity
hilarity feeling
hill entity
hill object
hillbilly commoner
hillbilly entity
hillbilly object
hillbilly organism
hillbilly person
hillbilly rustic
hilltop entity
hilltop location
hilltop object
hind animal
hind entity
hind fish
hind object
hind organism
hind vertebrate
hindrance cognition
hindrance entity
hindsight cognition
hindsight entity
hindsight knowing
hindsight understanding
hinge artifact
hinge entity
hinge object
hinge attach
hinge connect
hint entity
hint proposal
hint act
hint convey
hint impart
hint inform
hint interact
hip entity
hippie entity
hippie object
hippie organism
hippie person
hippie reformer
hippopotamus animal
hippopotamus entity
hippopotamus mammal
hippopotamus object
hippopotamus organism
hippopotamus vertebrate
hire employee
hire entity
hire object
hire organism
hire person
hire worker
hiss entity
hiss event
hiss happening
hiss noise
historian entity
historian intellectual
historian object
historian organism
historian person
historian scholar
history entity
history past
hit accomplishment
hit action
hit entity
hit event
hit feat
hitch attach
hitch connect
hive entity
hive gathering
hive group
hive have
hive store
hoard assets
hoard entity
hoard income
hoard relation
hoard sum
hoax act
hoax deceive
hoax interact
hoax treat
hoax wrong
hobbit cognition
hobbit creativity
hobbit entity
hobbit imagination
hoe artifact
hoe entity
hoe implement
hoe object
hoe tool
hoe change
hoe till
hog entity
hog object
hog organism
hog person
hoist artifact
hoist device
hoist entity
hoist object
holder artifact
holder device
holder entity
holder object
hole entity
hole location
hole object
hole opening
hole hit
holiness entity
holiness quality
hollow entity
hollow location
hollow object
hollowness condition
hollowness emptiness
hollowness entity
holly entity
holly object
holly organism
holly tree
holocaust action
holocaust destruction
holocaust entity
holocaust event
home entity
home location
home object
home residence
home shelter
home supply
homecoming action
homecoming entity
homecoming event
homeless entity
homeless object
homeless organism
homeless person
homeless unfortunate
homelessness condition
homelessness entity
homeostasis entity
homeostasis equilibrium
homeostasis situation
homestead entity
homestead land
homestead property
homestead relation
hometown district
hometown entity
hometown location
hometown municipality
hometown object
hometown town
homework activity
homework entity
homework event
homework undertaking
homework work
homicide action
homicide entity
homicide event
homonym entity
homonym part
homonym relation
homonym word
homophobia attitude
homophobia bias
homophobia cognition
homophobia entity
homophobia inclination
homosexual entity
homosexual object
homosexual organism
homosexual person
homosexuality entity
hone artifact
hone entity
hone object
hone whetstone
hone change
hone sharpen
honesty entity
honesty morality
honesty quality
honesty righteousness
honey entity
honey food
honey change
honeybee animal
honeybee bee
honeybee entity
honeybee insect
honeybee invertebrate
honeybee object
honeybee organism
honeydew entity
honeydew fruit
honeydew melon
honeydew object
honeydew produce
honeydew solid
honeymoon entity
honeymoon leisure
honeymoon vacation
honeymoon spend
honeymoon vacation
honor prize
honor think
honorableness entity
honorableness morality
honorableness quality
honorableness righteousness
honoree entity
honoree object
honoree organism
honoree person
honoree recipient
hood criminal
hood entity
hood object
hood organism
hood person
hood cover
hoof entity
hook artifact
hook device
hook entity
hook object
hook attach
hook connect
hook fasten
hookworm animal
hookworm entity
hookworm invertebrate
hookworm object
hookworm organism
hookworm worm
hoop artifact
hoop entity
hoop object
hoop structure
hoop attach
hoop connect
hoot cry
hoot entity
hoot utterance
hop entity
hop event
hop jump
hope anticipation
hope entity
hope feeling
hope desire
hope wish
horde entity
horde gathering
horde group
horizon entity
horizon location
horizon object
horizontal entity
horizontal relation
hormone entity
hormone part
hormone relation
hormone substance
horn artifact
horn device
horn entity
horn object
horn enter
horn penetrate
hornet animal
hornet entity
hornet insect
hornet invertebrate
hornet object
hornet organism
hornpipe activity
hornpipe cognition
hornpipe dancing
hornpipe discipline
hornpipe diversion
hornpipe entity
hornpipe event
horoscope entity
horoscope statement
horror emotion
horror entity
horror fear
horror feeling
horse animal
horse entity
horse mammal
horse object
horse organism
horse vertebrate
horseback entity
horsehair entity
horsehair fiber
horsehair material
horsehair part
horsehair relation
horsehair substance
horseman entity
horseman object
horseman organism
horseman person
horseman rider
horseman traveler
horsepower entity
horseshoe artifact
horseshoe entity
horseshoe equipment
horseshoe object
horseshoe equip
horseshoe supply
hose change
hose water
hose wet
hospice artifact
hospice entity
hospice housing
hospice object
hospice structure
hospital artifact
hospital building
hospital entity
hospital object
hospital structure
hospitalization entity
host adult
host entity
host object
host organism
host person
host act
host entertain
host interact
host socialize
hostage entity
hostage object
hostage organism
hostage person
hostage prisoner
hostage unfortunate
hostel artifact
hostel building
hostel entity
hostel hotel
hostel object
hostel structure
hostess adult
hostess entity
hostess host
hostess object
hostess organism
hostess person
hostile entity
hostile group
hostile organization
hostility disposition
hostility entity
hostility trait
hotbed entity
hotbed situation
hotel artifact
hotel building
hotel entity
hotel object
hotel structure
hotness entity
hotness temperature
hound animal
hound carnivore
hound dog
hound entity
hound mammal
hound object
hound organism
hound vertebrate
hound chase
hound travel
hour entity
house artifact
house building
house dwelling
house entity
house housing
house object
house structure
housefly animal
housefly entity
housefly fly
housefly insect
housefly invertebrate
housefly object
housefly organism
housekeeper domestic
housekeeper entity
housekeeper object
housekeeper organism
housekeeper person
housekeeper servant
housekeeper worker
housewife adult
housewife entity
housewife object
housewife organism
housewife person
housewife relative
housewife spouse
housewife wife
housewife woman
housing artifact
housing entity
housing object
housing structure
hover hesitate
howl entity
howl utterance
hub entity
hub object
hubbub entity
hubbub event
hubbub happening
hubbub noise
huckleberry blueberry
huckleberry entity
huckleberry object
huckleberry organism
huckleberry shrub
hue entity
hue change
hug activity
hug embrace
hug entity
hug event
hull covering
hull entity
hull object
hull remove
hum act
hum interact
humanist entity
humanist intellectual
humanist object
humanist organism
humanist person
humanist scholar
humanitarian benefactor
humanitarian entity
humanitarian object
humanitarian organism
humanitarian person
humanitarianism belief
humanitarianism cognition
humanitarianism doctrine
humanitarianism entity
humanity entity
humanity quality
humanness entity
humanness quality
humble change
humbleness entity
humbleness standing
humbleness status
humbug act
humbug deceive
humbug interact
humbug treat
humbug wrong
humerus bone
humerus entity
humerus tissue
humidity condition
humidity entity
humidity wetness
humiliate arouse
humiliation entity
humiliation standing
humiliation status
humility entity
humility trait
hummingbird animal
hummingbird bird
hummingbird entity
hummingbird object
hummingbird organism
hummingbird vertebrate
hummus condiment
hummus entity
hummus food
hundred entity
hundred integer
hundredth entity
hundredth status
hunger condition
hunger entity
hunt get
hunter entity
hunter object
hunter organism
hunter person
hunter worker
hurdle artifact
hurdle barrier
hurdle entity
hurdle object
hurdle obstruction
hurdle structure
hurdle jump
hurdle vault
hurdler athlete
hurdler contestant
hurdler entity
hurdler object
hurdler organism
hurdler person
hurling activity
hurling diversion
hurling entity
hurling event
hurling game
hurling sport
hurricane entity
hurricane phenomenon
hurricane storm
hurricane windstorm
hurry condition
hurry entity
hurry necessity
hurry need
hurry urgency
husband entity
husband object
husband organism
husband person
husband relative
husband spouse
hush entity
husk remove
hut artifact
hut entity
hut object
hut shelter
hut structure
hyacinth entity
hyacinth material
hyacinth mineral
hyacinth part
hyacinth relation
hyacinth substance
hybridization entity
hydra cognition
hydra creativity
hydra entity
hydra imagination
hydra monster
hydrocarbon chemical
hydrocarbon entity
hydrocarbon material
hydrocarbon part
hydrocarbon relation
hydrocarbon substance
hydroelectricity electricity
hydroelectricity entity
hydroelectricity phenomenon
hydrogen entity
hydrogen part
hydrogen relation
hydrogen substance
hydrologist entity
hydrologist geologist
hydrologist object
hydrologist organism
hydrologist person
hydrologist scientist
hydrolysis entity
hydroplane touch
hydroxide chemical
hydroxide entity
hydroxide material
hydroxide part
hydroxide relation
hydroxide substance
hyena animal
hyena carnivore
hyena entity
hyena mammal
hyena object
hyena organism
hyena vertebrate
hygiene condition
hygiene entity
hymn entity
hymn music
hymn song
hymn act
hymn interact
hymn perform
hymn sing
hype act
hype inform
hype interact
hype publicize
hyperbola entity
hyperbole entity
hypertext entity
hypertext text
hyphen entity
hyphen signal
hyphen symbol
hypnosis condition
hypnosis entity
hypo chemical
hypo entity
hypo material
hypo part
hypo relation
hypo substance
hypocrisy entity
hypocrisy falsehood
hypocrisy misrepresentation
hypocrisy statement
hypocrite deceiver
hypocrite entity
hypocrite object
hypocrite organism
hypocrite person
hypotenuse entity
hypothesis entity
hypothesis proposal
hypothetical cognition
hypothetical concept
hypothetical entity
hypothetical idea
ibuprofen drug
ibuprofen entity
ice crystal
ice entity
ice solid
iceberg entity
iceberg object
icebreaker artifact
icebreaker entity
icebreaker object
icebreaker ship
icebreaker vehicle
iceman employee
iceman entity
iceman object
iceman organism
iceman person
iceman worker
icon entity
icon signal
icon symbol
iconoclast entity
iconoclast object
iconoclast organism
iconoclast person
idea cognition
idea entity
ideal cognition
ideal entity
ideal idea
idealism belief
idealism cognition
idealism doctrine
idealism entity
idealist entity
idealist object
idealist organism
idealist person
idealist visionary
idealization activity
idealization blessing
idealization entity
idealization event
idealize think
identifier entity
identifier signal
identifier symbol
identity entity
identity personality
ideologist advocate
ideologist entity
ideologist object
ideologist organism
ideologist person
idiocy cognition
idiocy entity
idiocy inability
idiocy stupidity
idiosyncrasy entity
idiosyncrasy individuality
idiosyncrasy trait
idiot entity
idiot object
idiot organism
idiot person
idiot simpleton
idle entity
idle operation
idleness entity
idleness event
idol artifact
idol effigy
idol entity
idol object
idolize adore
idolize love
igloo artifact
igloo entity
igloo object
igloo shelter
igloo structure
ignition combustion
ignition entity
ignition oxidation
ignoramus entity
ignoramus object
ignoramus organism
ignoramus person
ignorance cognition
ignorance entity
ignore act
ignore interact
ignore treat
illegality entity
illegality quality
illiteracy cognition
illiteracy entity
illiteracy ignorance
illiterate entity
illiterate ignoramus
illiterate object
illiterate organism
illiterate person
illness condition
illness entity
illusion cognition
illusion entity
illusion representation
illustration artwork
illustration entity
image cognition
image entity
image representation
image watch
imagination cognition
imagination creativity
imagination entity
imbalance entity
imbalance situation
imitate reproduce
imitation belief
imitation cognition
imitation doctrine
imitation entity
immaturity entity
immediacy directness
immediacy entity
immediacy quality
immerse enter
immerse penetrate
immigrant entity
immigrant migrant
immigrant object
immigrant organism
immigrant person
immigrant traveler
immigration action
immigration entity
immigration event
immigration migration
immodesty entity
immodesty indecency
immodesty trait
immorality entity
immorality quality
immortal adult
immortal celebrity
immortal entity
immortal object
immortal organism
immortal person
immortality entity
immortality permanence
immovability entity
immovability quality
immune entity
immune object
immune organism
immune person
immunization activity
immunization entity
immunization event
immunization protection
immunology cognition
immunology discipline
immunology entity
immunology medicine
immunology science
impact entity
impact event
impact happening
impair change
impair damage
impart act
impart inform
impart interact
impartiality attitude
impartiality cognition
impartiality entity
impartiality inclination
impeachment document
impeachment entity
imperfection entity
imperial beard
imperial covering
imperial entity
imperial hair
imperial object
imperialism cognition
imperialism entity
imperialism reasoning
imperialism thinking
imperialist advocate
imperialist believer
imperialist entity
imperialist object
imperialist organism
imperialist person
imperialist supporter
impermanence entity
impetuousness entity
impetuousness trait
implant artifact
implant corrective
implant device
implant entity
implant object
implant prosthesis
implant attach
implant connect
implant insert
implantation entity
implausibility entity
implausibility quality
implement artifact
implement entity
implement object
implement use
implicate involve
imply act
imply convey
imply express
imply impart
imply inform
imply interact
import artifact
import commodity
import entity
import object
import trade
importance entity
importance quality
importer businessperson
importer entity
importer object
importer organism
importer person
imposition enforcement
imposition entity
imposition event
impossibility entity
impossibility nonexistence
impossible cognition
impossible entity
impoverish have
impoverish withhold
impregnate change
impregnate fill
impregnation entity
impregnation material
impregnation part
impregnation relation
impregnation substance
impress entity
impress event
impression cognition
impression entity
impression idea
impressionism entity
impressionism group
impressionist artist
impressionist entity
impressionist object
impressionist organism
impressionist painter
impressionist person
impressiveness entity
impressiveness excellence
impressiveness quality
imprint cognition
imprint entity
imprint affect
imprint change
imprint influence
imprisonment entity
imprisonment event
imprisonment punishment
impromptu entity
impromptu event
improvement change
improvement entity
improvement event
improvement happening
improvement transformation
improvisation artifact
improvisation entity
improvisation object
imprudence carelessness
imprudence entity
imprudence trait
impunity condition
impunity entity
impunity exemption
impurity entity
impurity material
impurity part
impurity relation
impurity substance
impurity waste
inability cognition
inability entity
inaccessibility entity
inaccessibility quality
inaccuracy entity
inaccuracy quality
inaction entity
inapplicability entity
inapplicability irrelevance
inapplicability relation
inauguration action
inauguration entity
inauguration event
incandescence energy
incandescence entity
incandescence light
incandescence phenomenon
incandescence radiation
incantation entity
incapability cognition
incapability entity
incapability inability
incapacity cognition
incapacity entity
incapacity inability
incense chemical
incense entity
incense material
incense part
incense relation
incense substance
incentive entity
incentive motivation
incest entity
inch entity
incidence entity
incidence ratio
incidence relation
incident entity
incident event
incident happening
incineration action
incineration burning
incineration entity
incineration event
incision entity
incisiveness effectiveness
incisiveness entity
incisiveness power
incisiveness quality
incisor bone
incisor entity
incisor tissue
incisor tooth
inclination attitude
inclination cognition
inclination entity
inclusion entity
inclusion situation
income assets
income entity
income relation
income sum
incompetent entity
incompetent object
incompetent organism
incompetent person
incompleteness entity
incompleteness integrity
inconvenience condition
inconvenience discomfort
inconvenience entity
incorporation action
incorporation entity
incorporation event
incorrectness entity
incorrectness trait
incorruptibility entity
incorruptibility honesty
incorruptibility morality
incorruptibility quality
incorruptibility righteousness
incriminate act
incriminate convey
incriminate express
incriminate impart
incriminate inform
incriminate interact
incubation activity
incubation care
incubation entity
incubation event
incubation work
incubator apparatus
incubator artifact
incubator entity
incubator equipment
incubator object
incumbent entity
incumbent object
incumbent official
incumbent organism
incumbent person
incumbent worker
incur affect
incur change
incur subject
incursion action
incursion entity
incursion event
indebtedness entity
indecency entity
indecency trait
indent document
indent entity
indent format
indentation entity
indenture act
indenture interact
independence entity
independence freedom
index entity
index scale
index standard
index have
index record
index register
indexing activity
indexing entity
indexing event
indication entity
indictment document
indictment entity
indifference entity
indifference feeling
indignation anger
indignation emotion
indignation entity
indignation feeling
indignity activity
indignity behavior
indignity entity
indignity event
indiscipline entity
indiscipline trait
indiscretion entity
indiscretion folly
indiscretion trait
individualist entity
individualist object
individualist organism
individualist person
individuality entity
individuality trait
induce generate
inductor artifact
inductor device
inductor entity
inductor object
indulgence entity
indulgence indiscipline
indulgence trait
industrialism economy
industrialism entity
industrialism group
industrialist businessman
industrialist businessperson
industrialist entity
industrialist object
industrialist organism
industrialist person
industrialization commerce
industrialization entity
industrialization event
industrialization transaction
industry entity
industry group
industry organization
inefficiency cognition
inefficiency entity
inefficiency inability
inequality difference
inequality entity
inequality quality
inertness entity
inertness quality
inevitable destiny
inevitable entity
inevitable event
inevitable happening
inexperience cognition
inexperience entity
inexperience ignorance
infallibility entity
infallibility trait
infallibility trustworthiness
infamy entity
infamy standing
infamy status
infancy entity
infantry entity
infantry group
infantry organization
infantryman entity
infantryman object
infantryman organism
infantryman person
infantryman serviceman
infantryman soldier
infantryman worker
infatuate arouse
infatuation entity
infatuation feeling
infatuation passion
infect give
infection condition
infection entity
inference cognition
inference entity
inference reasoning
inference thinking
inferior entity
inferior follower
inferior object
inferior organism
inferior person
inferiority entity
inferiority status
infernal entity
infernal object
infernal organism
infernal person
infidelity entity
infidelity quality
infielder athlete
infielder contestant
infielder entity
infielder fielder
infielder object
infielder organism
infielder person
infielder player
infiltrate enter
infiltrate penetrate
infiltration activity
infiltration attack
infiltration entity
infiltration event
infiltration penetration
infinitive class
infinitive collection
infinitive entity
infinitive group
infinitive verb
inflame change
inflammation cognition
inflammation entity
inflammation evidence
inflammation symptom
inflate change
inflation entity
inflection entity
inflection relation
inflict act
inflict interact
inflow entity
influence entity
influence power
influence quality
influence affect
influence change
influenza condition
influenza disease
influenza entity
influenza illness
inform act
inform interact
information entity
informer entity
informer object
informer organism
informer person
infrared entity
infrared frequency
infrared rate
infrared relation
infrastructure entity
infusion entity
infusion mixture
infusion part
infusion relation
infusion solution
infusion substance
ingratitude entity
ingratitude feeling
ingredient entity
ingredient object
inhabitant entity
inhabitant object
inhabitant organism
inhabitant person
inhalation breath
inhalation entity
inhaler artifact
inhaler container
inhaler entity
inhaler object
inherit get
inheritance acquisition
inheritance entity
inheritance event
inhibition activity
inhibition entity
inhibition event
inhibitor entity
initial entity
initial signal
initial symbol
initial contract
initial declare
initial promise
initial state
initiation ceremony
initiation entity
initiation event
injection action
injection entity
injection event
injector appliance
injector artifact
injector device
injector entity
injector object
injunction command
injunction entity
injunction event
injure change
injury condition
injury entity
injustice activity
injustice entity
injustice event
ink entity
ink fluid
ink liquid
ink part
ink relation
ink substance
ink contract
ink declare
ink promise
ink state
inkling cognition
inkling entity
inkling idea
inkling suggestion
inlay artifact
inlay device
inlay entity
inlay object
inlay change
inlay decorate
inlet entity
inmate entity
inmate inhabitant
inmate object
inmate organism
inmate person
inmate resident
inning cognition
inning concept
inning entity
inning idea
innings activity
innings entity
innings event
innocent entity
innocent object
innocent organism
innocent person
inoculation activity
inoculation entity
inoculation event
inoculation immunization
inoculation protection
input attach
input connect
input insert
inquirer entity
inquirer object
inquirer organism
inquirer person
inquirer speaker
inquiry cognition
inquiry entity
inquiry thinking
inquisition court
inquisition entity
inquisition gathering
inquisition group
inquisitor entity
inquisitor inquirer
inquisitor object
inquisitor organism
inquisitor person
inquisitor speaker
insanity condition
insanity entity
inscription entity
insect animal
insect entity
insect invertebrate
insect object
insect organism
insecticide chemical
insecticide entity
insecticide material
insecticide part
insecticide pesticide
insecticide relation
insecticide substance
insecurity condition
insecurity danger
insecurity entity
inseminate put
inseminate sow
insemination commerce
insemination entity
insemination event
insemination farming
insemination transaction
insert entity
insert music
insert section
insert attach
insert connect
inset artifact
inset entity
inset object
inset picture
inset put
inside entity
inside location
inside object
inside region
insider administrator
insider entity
insider executive
insider leader
insider object
insider organism
insider person
insidiousness entity
insidiousness harmfulness
insidiousness quality
insignia badge
insignia cognition
insignia entity
insignificance entity
insignificance quality
insincerity dishonesty
insincerity entity
insincerity immorality
insincerity quality
insinuation accusation
insinuation entity
insinuation pleading
insinuation statement
insistence demand
insistence entity
insistence request
insomnia condition
insomnia disorder
insomnia entity
inspection activity
inspection entity
inspection event
inspection examination
inspection work
inspector defender
inspector entity
inspector object
inspector organism
inspector person
inspector policeman
inspiration cognition
inspiration entity
inspiration idea
inspire arouse
instability entity
install put
installation action
installation entity
installation event
installment cost
installment entity
installment payment
installment relation
instep entity
instigator entity
instigator object
instigator organism
instigator person
instill change
instill lend
instinct aptitude
instinct cognition
instinct entity
institute association
institute entity
institute group
institute organization
institution entity
institution group
institution organization
instrument artifact
instrument device
instrument entity
instrument object
instrument equip
instrument supply
instrumentality entity
instrumentality group
instrumentality organization
insufficiency entity
insufficiency imperfection
insulation entity
insulation isolation
insulation separation
insulator entity
insulator material
insulator part
insulator relation
insulator substance
insulin entity
insulin hormone
insulin part
insulin relation
insulin substance
insurance assets
insurance entity
insurance relation
insured entity
insured object
insured organism
insured person
insurgency conflict
insurgency entity
insurgency event
insurgent entity
insurgent object
insurgent organism
insurgent person
insurgent reformer
insurgent revolutionist
intangibility entity
intangibility quality
intangible assets
intangible entity
intangible relation
integer entity
integral cognition
integral entity
integral thinking
integrate change
integration entity
integration event
integrator artifact
integrator device
integrator entity
integrator instrument
integrator object
integrity entity
intellectual entity
intellectual object
intellectual organism
intellectual person
intelligence cognition
intelligence entity
intelligibility comprehensibility
intelligibility entity
intelligibility quality
intensification action
intensification entity
intensification event
intensifier entity
intensifier modifier
intensifier part
intensifier relation
intensifier word
intensity entity
intensity magnitude
intentionality entity
intentionality trait
interact act
interaction action
interaction entity
interaction event
intercede act
intercede interact
intercept cognition
intercept component
intercept concept
intercept entity
intercept idea
intercept point
intercept seize
interception entity
interception event
interception prevention
interchange entity
interchange junction
interchange location
interchange object
interconnection entity
intercourse communication
intercourse entity
intercourse event
interest condition
interest curiosity
interest entity
interest arouse
interface boundary
interface entity
interface location
interface object
interface region
interfere impede
interim entity
interlock artifact
interlock device
interlock entity
interlock object
interlock arrange
interlock put
interlude entity
intermediate chemical
intermediate entity
intermediate material
intermediate part
intermediate relation
intermediate substance
intern adult
intern doctor
intern entity
intern object
intern organism
intern person
intern professional
international economy
international entity
international group
internationalism belief
internationalism cognition
internationalism doctrine
internationalism entity
internationalist advocate
internationalist entity
internationalist object
internationalist organism
internationalist person
internationalization entity
internationalization event
internment captivity
internment entity
internment subjugation
internship activity
internship entity
internship event
internship occupation
interpolation entity
interpret understand
interpretation cognition
interpretation entity
interpretation representation
interpreter entity
interpreter mediator
interpreter negotiator
interpreter object
interpreter organism
interpreter person
interrelation entity
interrelation relation
interrogate act
interrogate inform
interrogate interact
interrogate publicize
interrupt energy
interrupt entity
interrupt phenomenon
interrupt change
intersect meet
intersection cognition
intersection component
intersection concept
intersection entity
intersection idea
intersection point
interstate artifact
interstate entity
interstate highway
interstate object
interstate road
intervene act
intervene interact
intervention entity
intervention event
interview entity
interview event
interview act
interview converse
interview interact
interview talk
interviewer entity
interviewer inquirer
interviewer object
interviewer organism
interviewer person
interviewer speaker
intestine entity
intestine organ
intimate act
intimate convey
intimate hint
intimate impart
intimate inform
intimate interact
intimidate arouse
intimidate frighten
intolerance disposition
intolerance entity
intolerance trait
intonation entity
intrigue cognition
intrigue entity
intrigue idea
intrigue plan
intrigue plot
intrigue scheme
introduce act
introduce inform
introduce interact
introduction action
introduction entity
introduction event
intruder entity
intruder object
intruder organism
intruder person
intruder traveler
intuition cognition
intuition entity
invade attack
invader entity
invader intruder
invader object
invader organism
invader person
invader traveler
invalid entity
invalid object
invalid organism
invalid person
invalid unfortunate
invasion activity
invasion attack
invasion entity
invasion event
invasion penetration
invention cognition
invention creativity
invention entity
inventor entity
inventor object
inventor organism
inventor person
inventory database
inventory entity
inventory information
inventory list
inventory have
inventory record
inventory register
inverse entity
inverse relation
inversion entity
inversion phenomenon
invertebrate animal
invertebrate entity
invertebrate object
invertebrate organism
inverter artifact
inverter converter
inverter device
inverter entity
inverter object
invest pay
investigate analyze
investor entity
investor object
investor organism
investor person
invitation artifact
invitation entity
invitation event
invitation letter
invitation object
invitation text
invite artifact
invite entity
invite event
invite invitation
invite letter
invite object
invite text
invite arouse
iodine entity
iodine group
iodine halogen
iodine part
iodine relation
iodine substance
ion entity
ion object
ionization condition
ionization entity
ionosphere entity
ionosphere location
ionosphere object
ionosphere region
iris entity
iris object
iris organism
iron entity
iron part
iron relation
iron substance
irradiation condition
irradiation entity
irrationality condition
irrationality entity
irrationality insanity
irrelevance entity
irrelevance relation
irrigation activity
irrigation entity
irrigation event
irritation condition
irritation entity
island entity
island object
islander entity
islander inhabitant
islander object
islander organism
islander person
isolate distinguish
isolate identify
isolation entity
isolation separation
isotope atom
isotope entity
isotope part
isotope relation
isotope substance
issue cognition
issue entity
issuer entity
issuer group
issuer institution
issuer organization
italic entity
italic handwriting
item entity
item part
item relation
iteration entity
ivory entity
ivory material
ivory part
ivory relation
ivory substance
ivy entity
ivy object
ivy organism
ivy vine
jab action
jab entity
jab event
jab gesture
jab push
jab thrust
jabber entity
jabber nonsense
jack entity
jackal animal
jackal carnivore
jackal entity
jackal mammal
jackal object
jackal organism
jackal vertebrate
jacket artifact
jacket clothing
jacket coat
jacket commodity
jacket entity
jacket garment
jacket object
jacket cover
jade crystal
jade entity
jade solid
jag entity
jag cut
jaguar animal
jaguar carnivore
jaguar entity
jaguar feline
jaguar mammal
jaguar object
jaguar organism
jaguar vertebrate
jail artifact
jail entity
jail object
jail structure
jam conserve
jam dainty
jam entity
jam food
janitor custodian
janitor defender
janitor entity
janitor object
janitor organism
janitor person
japan change
japan decorate
japan lacquer
jar artifact
jar container
jar entity
jar object
jasmine entity
jasmine object
jasmine organism
jasmine shrub
jaundice cognition
jaundice entity
jaundice evidence
jaundice symptom
jaundice change
javelin contest
javelin entity
javelin event
jaw bone
jaw entity
jaw tissue
jealousy emotion
jealousy entity
jealousy envy
jealousy feeling
jealousy hate
jealousy resentment
jean apparel
jean artifact
jean clothing
jean commodity
jean entity
jean garment
jean object
jean trouser
jeep artifact
jeep car
jeep container
jeep entity
jeep object
jeep vehicle
jerk entity
jerk object
jerk organism
jerk person
jet aircraft
jet airplane
jet artifact
jet entity
jet object
jet vehicle
jewel adornment
jewel artifact
jewel decoration
jewel entity
jewel jewelry
jewel object
jewelry adornment
jewelry artifact
jewelry decoration
jewelry entity
jewelry object
jig entity
jig music
jihad entity
jihad event
jihad war
jimmy artifact
jimmy crowbar
jimmy entity
jimmy implement
jimmy lever
jimmy object
job act
job deceive
job interact
job treat
job wrong
jog entity
joiner associate
joiner entity
joiner member
joiner object
joiner organism
joiner peer
joiner person
joining action
joining entity
joining event
joint entity
joint be
joke entity
joke wit
joke act
joke interact
joker comedian
joker entertainer
joker entity
joker object
joker organism
joker performer
joker person
jolly entity
jolly event
jolt entity
jolt event
jolt happening
jolt impact
journalism artifact
journalism entity
journalism medium
journalism object
journalist entity
journalist object
journalist organism
journalist person
journalist writer
journey action
journey entity
journey event
journey travel
joust activity
joust attempt
joust entity
joust event
joust struggle
joy emotion
joy entity
joy feeling
jubilee anniversary
jubilee entity
judge entity
judge object
judge official
judge organism
judge person
judge worker
judge change
judgment belief
judgment cognition
judgment entity
judgment opinion
judiciary entity
judiciary group
judo activity
judo diversion
judo entity
judo event
judo protection
judo sport
jug artifact
jug bottle
jug container
jug entity
jug object
juice entity
juice food
jukebox artifact
jukebox device
jukebox entity
jukebox machine
jukebox object
jump change
jump entity
jump event
jump happening
junction entity
junction location
junction object
juncture entity
juncture event
juncture happening
jungle entity
jungle location
jungle object
junior entity
junior object
junior organism
junior person
jurist entity
jurist expert
jurist object
jurist organism
jurist person
jury entity
jury group
justice entity
justice morality
justice quality
justice righteousness
justification cognition
justification entity
juvenile entity
juvenile object
juvenile organism
juvenile person
juxtapose put
kaleidoscope cognition
kaleidoscope entity
kangaroo animal
kangaroo entity
kangaroo mammal
kangaroo marsupial
kangaroo object
kangaroo organism
kangaroo vertebrate
karaoke activity
karaoke cognition
karaoke discipline
karaoke diversion
karaoke entertainment
karaoke entity
karaoke event
karaoke show
karaoke singing
karate activity
karate entity
karate event
karate protection
karma destiny
karma entity
karma event
karma happening
kayak artifact
kayak boat
kayak canoe
kayak entity
kayak object
kayak vehicle
kayak boat
kayak travel
keel entity
keen entity
keen music
keen song
keeper defender
keeper entity
keeper object
keeper organism
keeper person
keeping cooperation
keeping entity
keeping event
keepsake entity
keepsake object
kelp entity
kelp microorganism
kelp object
kelp organism
kennel artifact
kennel building
kennel entity
kennel object
kennel structure
kennel shelter
kennel supply
keratin chemical
keratin entity
keratin material
keratin molecule
keratin part
keratin protein
keratin relation
keratin substance
kerchief artifact
kerchief clothing
kerchief commodity
kerchief entity
kerchief garment
kerchief object
kernel entity
kernel object
kerosene chemical
kerosene entity
kerosene fuel
kerosene hydrocarbon
kerosene material
kerosene part
kerosene relation
kerosene substance
kettle artifact
kettle container
kettle entity
kettle implement
kettle object
kettle pot
kettle utensil
key artifact
key device
key entity
key object
keyboard artifact
keyboard device
keyboard entity
keyboard object
keyboardist entertainer
keyboardist entity
keyboardist musician
keyboardist object
keyboardist organism
keyboardist performer
keyboardist person
keynote entity
keynote subject
keynote change
kick action
kick blow
kick entity
kick event
kidnapper criminal
kidnapper entity
kidnapper object
kidnapper organism
kidnapper person
kidnapping activity
kidnapping crime
kidnapping entity
kidnapping event
kidnapping felony
kidnapping transgression
kidney entity
kidney organ
killer entity
killer object
killer organism
killer person
killing change
killing death
killing entity
killing event
killing fatality
killing happening
kilobyte entity
kilogram entity
kilometer entity
kilowatt entity
kimono artifact
kimono clothing
kimono commodity
kimono entity
kimono garment
kimono object
kimono robe
kin entity
kin object
kin organism
kin person
kin relative
kind cognition
kind concept
kind entity
kind idea
kindergarten entity
kindergarten group
kindergarten institution
kindergarten organization
kindergarten preschool
kindheartedness entity
kindheartedness feeling
kindle ignite
kindness entity
kindness morality
kindness quality
king entity
king negotiator
king object
king organism
king person
king representative
king ruler
king sovereign
kingdom entity
kingdom environment
kingdom situation
kingdom sphere
kingfisher animal
kingfisher bird
kingfisher entity
kingfisher object
kingfisher organism
kingfisher vertebrate
kingship entity
kingship status
kinsman entity
kinsman object
kinsman organism
kinsman person
kinsman relative
kiss entity
kiss event
kit artifact
kit container
kit entity
kit object
kitchen artifact
kitchen entity
kitchen object
kitchen room
kitchen structure
kite check
kite document
kite draft
kite entity
kite change
kitten animal
kitten entity
kitten object
kitten organism
kitten young
kitten produce
knead touch
knee entity
knee joint
kneecap change
kneecap injure
kneecap shoot
kneel action
kneel entity
kneel event
kneel be
kneel rest
knife artifact
knife entity
knife implement
knife object
knife tool
knife change
knife injure
knight aristocrat
knight entity
knight leader
knight object
knight organism
knight person
knit artifact
knit entity
knit fabric
knit object
knob artifact
knob entity
knob object
knob structure
knock entity
knock event
knock happening
knock strike
knock touch
knoll entity
knoll hill
knoll object
knot bunch
knot collection
knot entity
knot group
know cognition
know entity
know knowing
knowing cognition
knowing entity
koala animal
koala entity
koala mammal
koala marsupial
koala object
koala organism
koala vertebrate
krypton entity
krypton part
krypton relation
krypton substance
lab entity
lab location
lab object
lab workplace
label entity
label event
label designate
labor entity
labor group
labor people
laborer employee
laborer entity
laborer object
laborer organism
laborer person
laborer worker
laborer workman
lace artifact
lace cord
lace entity
lace object
lack condition
lack entity
lack need
lackey entity
lackey object
lackey organism
lackey person
lackey servant
lackey worker
lacquer entity
lacquer material
lacquer part
lacquer relation
lacquer substance
lacquer change
lacquer decorate
lacrosse activity
lacrosse diversion
lacrosse entity
lacrosse event
lacrosse game
lacrosse sport
lactate chemical
lactate entity
lactate material
lactate part
lactate relation
lactate salt
lactate substance
lactation entity
lactose carbohydrate
lactose chemical
lactose entity
lactose material
lactose molecule
lactose part
lactose relation
lactose substance
ladder artifact
ladder entity
ladder object
ladder stairs
ladder stairway
lady adult
lady entity
lady object
lady organism
lady person
lady woman
lag follow
lag travel
lagging artifact
lagging entity
lagging object
lagoon entity
lagoon lake
lair entity
lair habitat
lair habitation
lair location
lair object
lake entity
lakeside entity
lakeside object
lakeside shore
lamb animal
lamb entity
lamb object
lamb organism
lamb young
lamb produce
lament entity
lament utterance
lamp artifact
lamp device
lamp entity
lamp object
lance travel
lancer entity
lancer object
lancer organism
lancer person
lancer serviceman
lancer soldier
lancer worker
land entity
land property
land relation
land arrive
landfill entity
landfill lowland
landfill object
landing artifact
landing entity
landing object
landing platform
landing surface
landlady entity
landlady landlord
landlady landowner
landlady object
landlady organism
landlady person
landlord entity
landlord landowner
landlord object
landlord organism
landlord person
landmark entity
landmark location
landmark object
landmark position
landmass entity
landmass object
landowner entity
landowner object
landowner organism
landowner person
landscape area
landscape entity
landscape location
landscape object
landscape vicinity
landscape change
landscape decorate
landslide entity
landslide event
landslide happening
landslide success
landslide victory
lane artifact
lane entity
lane object
language entity
lantern artifact
lantern device
lantern entity
lantern lamp
lantern object
lap entity
lap extremity
lap limb
lap thigh
lap lie
laptop artifact
laptop computer
laptop device
laptop entity
laptop machine
laptop object
lard chemical
lard entity
lard fat
lard lipid
lard material
lard molecule
lard part
lard relation
lard substance
large entity
larva animal
larva entity
larva object
larva organism
laryngitis cognition
laryngitis entity
laryngitis evidence
laryngitis inflammation
laryngitis symptom
larynx entity
larynx organ
laser artifact
laser device
laser entity
laser object
lasso seize
last be
latch artifact
latch device
latch entity
latch lock
latch object
latch attach
latch connect
latch fasten
lateness entity
lateness timing
latest entity
latest information
latest news
latex entity
latex material
latex part
latex relation
latex substance
latitude angle
latitude entity
latitude location
latitude object
latter entity
latter status
laugh entity
laugh utterance
launch artifact
launch boat
launch entity
launch object
launch vehicle
laundry artifact
laundry clothing
laundry commodity
laundry entity
laundry garment
laundry object
laurel entity
laurel object
laurel organism
laurel tree
lava entity
lava material
lava part
lava relation
lava substance
lavender entity
lavender object
lavender organism
lavender shrub
lavish pay
law collection
law entity
law group
lawn entity
lawn field
lawn location
lawn object
lawn tract
lawsuit entity
lawsuit event
lawsuit proceeding
lawyer adult
lawyer entity
lawyer object
lawyer organism
lawyer person
lawyer professional
laxative drug
laxative entity
layer artifact
layer entity
layer object
laying entity
layman commoner
layman entity
layman object
layman organism
layman person
layout cognition
layout entity
lead advantage
lead asset
lead entity
lead quality
leader entity
leader object
leader organism
leader person
leadership activity
leadership entity
leadership event
leaf entity
leaf object
league association
league entity
league group
league organization
league join
league unite
leak entity
leak hole
leak location
leak object
leak opening
leak act
leak inform
leak interact
lean bend
leaning entity
leaning feeling
leaning liking
leap entity
leap event
learner entity
learner object
learner organism
learner person
learning cognition
learning entity
lease entity
lease property
lease relation
leash artifact
leash device
leash entity
leash object
least concern
least condition
least curiosity
least entity
least interest
least matter
leather entity
leather material
leather part
leather relation
leather substance
leave entity
lecture entity
lecture event
lecture act
lecture inform
lecture interact
lecture teach
ledge entity
ledge object
ledge ridge
ledger entity
leech animal
leech entity
leech invertebrate
leech object
leech organism
leech worm
leek entity
leek object
leek organism
leer look
leeway entity
left entity
left location
left object
left position
leftover entity
leftover part
leftover relation
leftover remainder
leftovers entity
leftovers solid
leg entity
leg extremity
leg limb
legality entity
legality quality
legalization entity
legalization event
legalize act
legalize permit
legalize react
legend entity
legend fiction
legging artifact
legging clothing
legging commodity
legging entity
legging garment
legging object
legionnaire entity
legionnaire object
legionnaire organism
legionnaire person
legionnaire serviceman
legionnaire worker
legislate declare
legislate decree
legislate ordain
legislate state
legislation collection
legislation entity
legislation group
legislation law
legislator entity
legislator leader
legislator object
legislator organism
legislator person
legislator politician
legislature entity
legislature gathering
legislature group
legitimacy entity
legitimacy quality
legume climber
legume entity
legume herb
legume object
legume organism
legume vine
leisure entity
lemon citrus
lemon entity
lemon fruit
lemon object
lemon produce
lemon solid
lemonade beverage
lemonade entity
lemonade fluid
lemonade food
lemonade liquid
lemonade part
lemonade relation
lemonade substance
lend change
lender entity
lender investor
lender object
lender organism
lender person
length dimension
length entity
length magnitude
lengthen change
lens artifact
lens device
lens entity
lens object
lent entity
lentil entity
lentil produce
lentil solid
lentil vegetable
leopard entity
leopard fur
leopard material
leopard part
leopard relation
leopard substance
leprechaun belief
leprechaun cognition
leprechaun elf
leprechaun entity
leprechaun fairy
leprosy condition
leprosy disease
leprosy entity
leprosy illness
lesbian entity
lesbian homosexual
lesbian object
lesbian organism
lesbian person
lesion condition
lesion entity
lesson activity
lesson entity
lesson event
lesson occupation
lesson teaching
letter artifact
letter entity
letter object
letter text
letter get
letterhead entity
letterhead material
letterhead paper
letterhead part
letterhead relation
letterhead substance
leukemia cancer
leukemia condition
leukemia disease
leukemia entity
leukemia illness
leukemia malignancy
leukemia tumor
level aim
level position
level put
lever artifact
lever entity
lever implement
lever object
leverage entity
leverage phenomenon
leverage add
leverage increase
leverage supplement
leviathan entity
leviathan freak
leviathan mutant
leviathan object
leviathan organism
levitation entity
levitation phenomenon
levy entity
levy relation
liability condition
liability entity
liability susceptibility
liar deceiver
liar entity
liar object
liar organism
liar person
libel defamation
libel entity
libel defame
liberal adult
liberal entity
liberal object
liberal organism
liberal person
liberalism attitude
liberalism cognition
liberalism entity
liberality attitude
liberality cognition
liberality entity
liberalization action
liberalization entity
liberalization event
liberation accomplishment
liberation action
liberation entity
liberation event
liberator benefactor
liberator entity
liberator object
liberator organism
liberator person
libertarian advocate
libertarian entity
libertarian object
libertarian organism
libertarian person
libido desire
libido entity
libido feeling
library artifact
library entity
library object
library room
library structure
license document
license entity
license act
license authorize
license permit
license react
lie entity
lie falsehood
lie statement
lied entity
lied music
lied song
lieutenancy activity
lieutenancy entity
lieutenancy event
lieutenancy occupation
lieutenant entity
lieutenant object
lieutenant organism
lieutenant person
lieutenant serviceman
lieutenant worker
life being
life entity
lifeboat artifact
lifeboat boat
lifeboat entity
lifeboat object
lifeboat vehicle
lifer convict
lifer entity
lifer object
lifer organism
lifer person
lifer prisoner
lifer unfortunate
lift activity
lift entity
lift event
ligament entity
ligament tissue
ligature entity
ligature music
light energy
light entity
light phenomenon
light radiation
lighten praise
lightening descent
lightening entity
lightening event
lightening happening
lighter transport
lightning discharge
lightning entity
lightning event
lightning happening
lightning phenomenon
lightweight boxer
lightweight combatant
lightweight entity
lightweight object
lightweight organism
lightweight person
like cognition
like concept
like entity
like idea
like kind
likelihood entity
likelihood quality
likeness entity
likeness quality
likeness sameness
likeness similarity
liking entity
liking feeling
lilac entity
lilac object
lilac organism
lilac shrub
lily entity
lily object
lily organism
limb entity
limb extremity
limber artifact
limber container
limber entity
limber object
limber vehicle
limber attach
limber connect
limelight entity
limelight prominence
limelight standing
limelight status
limestone entity
limestone material
limestone part
limestone relation
limestone substance
limit entity
limit magnitude
limousine artifact
limousine car
limousine container
limousine entity
limousine object
limousine vehicle
limp travel
limp walk
line entity
line formation
line group
line lie
lineage entity
lineage genealogy
lineage group
linen artifact
linen entity
linen fabric
linen object
liner entity
liner event
lingerie artifact
lingerie clothing
lingerie commodity
lingerie entity
lingerie garment
lingerie object
lingerie underwear
lingual consonant
lingual entity
lingual part
lingual relation
linguist entity
linguist object
linguist organism
linguist person
linguist scientist
linguistics cognition
linguistics discipline
linguistics entity
linguistics science
lining artifact
lining entity
lining object
link connection
link entity
link linkage
link relation
linkage connection
linkage entity
linkage relation
links artifact
links entity
links facility
links object
linseed entity
linseed fruit
linseed object
linseed seed
lion animal
lion carnivore
lion entity
lion feline
lion mammal
lion object
lion organism
lion vertebrate
lioness animal
lioness carnivore
lioness entity
lioness feline
lioness lion
lioness mammal
lioness object
lioness organism
lioness vertebrate
lip entity
lip organ
lipid chemical
lipid entity
lipid material
lipid molecule
lipid part
lipid relation
lipid substance
lipstick artifact
lipstick cosmetic
lipstick entity
lipstick makeup
lipstick object
liqueur alcohol
liqueur beverage
liqueur drug
liqueur entity
liqueur fluid
liqueur food
liqueur liquid
liqueur part
liqueur relation
liqueur substance
liquid entity
liquid fluid
liquid part
liquid relation
liquid substance
liquidation action
liquidation entity
liquidation event
liquor alcohol
liquor beverage
liquor drug
liquor entity
liquor fluid
liquor food
liquor liquid
liquor part
liquor relation
liquor substance
lisp condition
lisp disorder
lisp entity
lisp pronounce
list database
list entity
list information
list enumerate
listen perceive
listening activity
listening entity
listening event
liter entity
literacy cognition
literacy entity
literacy skill
literate entity
literate object
literate organism
literate person
literature entity
lithium entity
lithium part
lithium relation
lithium substance
lithograph art
lithograph artifact
lithograph entity
lithograph object
lithograph reproduce
litigation entity
litigation event
litigation proceeding
litter entity
litter group
litter be
little entity
liver entity
liver organ
livery artifact
livery clothing
livery commodity
livery entity
livery object
livery uniform
livestock animal
livestock entity
livestock mammal
livestock object
livestock organism
livestock vertebrate
lizard animal
lizard entity
lizard object
lizard organism
lizard reptile
lizard vertebrate
llama animal
llama entity
llama mammal
llama object
llama organism
llama vertebrate
load artifact
load entity
load object
load change
load fill
loan entity
loan relation
lob action
lob entity
lob event
lob stroke
lob throw
lobby communicate
lobby request
lobbyist entity
lobbyist object
lobbyist organism
lobbyist person
lobe entity
lobster entity
lobster seafood
lobster shellfish
lobster solid
local artifact
local entity
local object
localization determination
localization discovery
localization entity
localization event
locate get
location entity
location object
lock artifact
lock device
lock entity
lock object
lock attach
lock connect
lock fasten
locket artifact
locket container
locket entity
locket object
locking activity
locking entity
locking event
locking protection
locomotion entity
locomotion mobility
locomotion quality
locomotive artifact
locomotive container
locomotive entity
locomotive object
locomotive vehicle
locust animal
locust entity
locust grasshopper
locust insect
locust invertebrate
locust object
locust organism
lodge populate
loft artifact
loft entity
loft object
loft structure
loft have
log entity
log material
log part
log relation
log substance
log wood
log have
log record
logarithm entity
logarithm notation
logbook entity
logbook information
logging activity
logging entity
logging event
logging work
logic cognition
logic discipline
logic entity
logistics activity
logistics entity
logistics event
logo entity
logo signal
logo symbol
loin entity
loin meat
loin solid
loiter be
loneliness entity
loneliness isolation
loneliness separation
loner entity
loner individualist
loner object
loner organism
loner person
longbow artifact
longbow device
longbow entity
longbow instrument
longbow object
longbow weapon
longer entity
longer object
longer organism
longer person
longevity entity
longhorn animal
longhorn beef
longhorn bovine
longhorn cattle
longhorn entity
longhorn mammal
longhorn object
longhorn organism
longhorn vertebrate
longing desire
longing entity
longing feeling
longitude angle
longitude entity
longitude location
longitude object
lookout defender
lookout entity
lookout guard
lookout object
lookout organism
lookout person
lookout watchman
loom artifact
loom device
loom entity
loom machine
loom object
loom be
loon entity
loon object
loon organism
loon person
loop travel
loophole ambiguity
loophole entity
loophole saying
loosen change
loot entity
loot relation
loot steal
lordship entity
lordship name
lordship part
lordship relation
lore cognition
lore entity
loser contestant
loser entity
loser object
loser organism
loser person
loss entity
loss relation
lot divide
lotion artifact
lotion entity
lotion object
lottery entity
lottery event
lottery happening
lotus entity
lotus object
lotus organism
lounge sit
love emotion
love entity
love feeling
lover entity
lover object
lover organism
lover person
low entity
low phenomenon
low weather
lowering action
lowering entity
lowering event
lowland entity
lowland object
loyalist advocate
loyalist entity
loyalist object
loyalist organism
loyalist person
loyalist supporter
loyalty entity
loyalty quality
lozenge candy
lozenge dainty
lozenge entity
lozenge food
lubricant entity
lullaby entity
lullaby music
lullaby song
lumber artifact
lumber entity
lumber object
lumber travel
lumber walk
lumberman employee
lumberman entity
lumberman laborer
lumberman object
lumberman organism
lumberman person
lumberman worker
lumberman workman
luminary adult
luminary celebrity
luminary entity
luminary object
luminary organism
luminary person
luminescence energy
luminescence entity
luminescence light
luminescence phenomenon
luminescence radiation
luminosity entity
lump have
lump store
lunatic entity
lunatic object
lunatic organism
lunatic person
lunatic unfortunate
lunch entity
lunch food
lunch meal
lung entity
lung organ
lupus condition
lupus disease
lupus entity
lupus illness
lurch action
lurch entity
lurch event
lurch walk
lure entity
lure quality
lurk hide
luxuriate pay
luxury entity
luxury indiscipline
luxury indulgence
luxury trait
lye caustic
lye chemical
lye entity
lye material
lye part
lye relation
lye substance
lying activity
lying entity
lying event
lymph entity
lymph part
lymph relation
lymph substance
lymphoma cancer
lymphoma condition
lymphoma disease
lymphoma entity
lymphoma illness
lymphoma malignancy
lymphoma tumor
lynch kill
lynching action
lynching entity
lynching event
lynching homicide
lynching murder
lyre artifact
lyre device
lyre entity
lyre harp
lyre object
lyric entity
lyric text
lyric write
lyricist entity
lyricist object
lyricist organism
lyricist person
lyricist writer
ma ancestor
ma entity
ma mother
ma object
ma organism
ma parent
ma person
ma relative
mace artifact
mace device
mace entity
mace instrument
mace object
mace weapon
machete artifact
machete device
machete entity
machete instrument
machete object
machete weapon
machine artifact
machine device
machine entity
machine object
machinery artifact
machinery device
machinery entity
machinery machine
machinery object
machinist entity
machinist object
machinist organism
machinist person
machinist worker
mackerel entity
mackerel seafood
mackerel solid
macro entity
madame adult
madame entity
madame object
madame organism
madame person
madame woman
madder entity
madder object
madder organism
madder change
madder color
maestro artist
maestro entity
maestro object
maestro organism
maestro person
mafia entity
mafia group
mafia syndicate
magazine artifact
magazine entity
magazine medium
magazine object
magazine publication
magenta color
magenta entity
magenta red
maggot animal
maggot entity
maggot larva
maggot object
maggot organism
magic belief
magic cognition
magic entity
magician entertainer
magician entity
magician object
magician organism
magician performer
magician person
magistrate entity
magistrate judge
magistrate object
magistrate official
magistrate organism
magistrate person
magistrate worker
magma entity
magma material
magma part
magma relation
magma substance
magnesium entity
magnesium part
magnesium relation
magnesium substance
magnet artifact
magnet device
magnet entity
magnet object
magnetism attraction
magnetism entity
magnetism phenomenon
magnetization entity
magnification action
magnification entity
magnification event
magnification expansion
magnifier artifact
magnifier device
magnifier entity
magnifier instrument
magnifier object
magnify increase
magnitude entity
magnolia bark
magnolia covering
magnolia entity
magnolia object
magnum artifact
magnum bottle
magnum container
magnum entity
magnum object
mahogany entity
mahogany material
mahogany part
mahogany relation
mahogany substance
mahogany wood
maid domestic
maid entity
maid object
maid organism
maid person
maid servant
maid worker
mail entity
mail message
main entity
mainframe artifact
mainframe computer
mainframe device
mainframe entity
mainframe machine
mainframe object
mainland entity
mainland object
mainstream belief
mainstream cognition
mainstream entity
major entity
major object
major organism
major person
major serviceman
major worker
majority entity
majority magnitude
majority number
makeover action
makeover beautification
makeover entity
makeover event
maker entity
maker object
maker organism
maker person
makeup artifact
makeup cosmetic
makeup entity
makeup object
malaria condition
malaria entity
malaria infection
male animal
male entity
male object
male organism
malfunction entity
malfunction event
malfunction happening
malice emotion
malice entity
malice feeling
malice hate
malignancy condition
malignancy disease
malignancy entity
malignancy illness
mallet artifact
mallet entity
mallet implement
mallet object
malnutrition condition
malnutrition disease
malnutrition entity
malnutrition illness
malt affect
malt change
malt process
maltreatment activity
maltreatment entity
maltreatment event
maltreatment practice
mammal animal
mammal entity
mammal object
mammal organism
mammal vertebrate
mammography activity
mammography entity
mammography event
mammography procedure
man adult
man entity
man object
man organism
man person
management entity
management event
manatee animal
manatee entity
manatee mammal
manatee object
manatee organism
manatee vertebrate
mandarin entity
mandarin object
mandarin organism
mandarin tree
mandate document
mandate entity
mane covering
mane entity
mane hair
mane object
maneuver activity
maneuver entity
maneuver event
mange condition
mange disease
mange entity
mange illness
manger artifact
manger container
manger entity
manger object
mangle artifact
mangle commodity
mangle entity
mangle object
mangle iron
mango entity
mango object
mango organism
mango tree
manhood entity
mania entity
mania motivation
manifest document
manifest entity
manifestation entity
manifestation event
manifestation happening
manifesto declaration
manifesto entity
manifesto statement
manifold artifact
manifold conduit
manifold entity
manifold object
manifold tube
manila entity
manila material
manila paper
manila part
manila relation
manila substance
manipulate affect
manipulate change
manipulate influence
manipulation causing
manipulation entity
manipulation event
manner entity
manners entity
manners trait
manor artifact
manor building
manor dwelling
manor entity
manor house
manor housing
manor object
manor structure
manslaughter action
manslaughter entity
manslaughter event
manslaughter homicide
mantel artifact
mantel device
mantel entity
mantel object
mantel shelf
mantle entity
mantle signal
mantle symbol
mantle diffuse
mantle spread
mantra entity
mantra motto
mantra saying
manual artifact
manual book
manual entity
manual handbook
manual object
manual publication
manufacturer business
manufacturer entity
manufacturer group
manufacturer organization
manure chemical
manure entity
manure fertilizer
manure material
manure organic
manure part
manure relation
manure substance
manuscript entity
map artifact
map entity
map object
maple entity
maple material
maple part
maple relation
maple substance
maple wood
marathon activity
marathon entity
marathon event
marathon undertaking
marathon work
marauder attacker
marauder entity
marauder object
marauder organism
marauder person
marble entity
marble material
marble part
marble relation
marble substance
marble dye
marble stain
marbles activity
marbles entity
marbles event
marbles game
march entity
march travel
march walk
mare animal
mare entity
mare horse
mare mammal
mare object
mare organism
mare vertebrate
margarita alcohol
margarita beverage
margarita cocktail
margarita drug
margarita entity
margarita fluid
margarita food
margarita liquid
margarita part
margarita relation
margarita substance
margin entity
marigold entity
marigold flower
marigold object
marigold organism
marijuana cannabis
marijuana entity
marijuana object
marijuana organism
marijuana shrub
marina artifact
marina entity
marina object
marina structure
marinade condiment
marinade entity
marinade food
marinade change
marinade fill
marinara condiment
marinara entity
marinara food
marinara sauce
marine entity
marine object
marine organism
marine person
marine serviceman
marine worker
mariner entity
mariner object
mariner organism
mariner person
mariner sailor
mariner worker
mark appraisal
mark cognition
mark entity
marker artifact
marker entity
marker object
market activity
market entity
market event
market trade
marksman entity
marksman expert
marksman object
marksman organism
marksman person
markup assets
markup entity
markup income
markup relation
markup sum
marlin animal
marlin entity
marlin fish
marlin object
marlin organism
marlin vertebrate
marmot animal
marmot entity
marmot mammal
marmot object
marmot organism
marmot rodent
marmot vertebrate
maroon entity
maroon object
maroon organism
maroon person
maroon unfortunate
marriage entity
marriage status
married entity
married object
married organism
married person
marrow entity
marrow tissue
marry join
marry unite
marsh entity
marsh object
marsh wetland
marshal defender
marshal entity
marshal object
marshal organism
marshal person
marshal put
marsupial animal
marsupial entity
marsupial mammal
marsupial object
marsupial organism
marsupial vertebrate
martini alcohol
martini beverage
martini cocktail
martini drug
martini entity
martini fluid
martini food
martini liquid
martini part
martini relation
martini substance
martyr entity
martyr object
martyr organism
martyr person
martyr unfortunate
martyr victim
martyr kill
martyrdom change
martyrdom death
martyrdom entity
martyrdom event
martyrdom happening
mascara artifact
mascara cosmetic
mascara entity
mascara makeup
mascara object
mascot entity
mascot object
mascot organism
masculine class
masculine collection
masculine entity
masculine gender
masculine group
mash entity
mash mixture
mash part
mash relation
mash substance
mash suspension
mask artifact
mask attire
mask clothing
mask commodity
mask entity
mask object
masonry artifact
masonry entity
masonry object
masonry structure
masquerade entity
masquerade gathering
masquerade group
masquerade disguise
masquerade hide
mass entity
mass act
mass interact
massacre kill
massage activity
massage care
massage entity
massage event
massage treatment
massage work
massage touch
mast artifact
mast entity
mast implement
mast object
mast pole
mast rod
mastectomy activity
mastectomy entity
mastectomy event
mastectomy procedure
masterpiece artifact
masterpiece entity
masterpiece object
mastiff animal
mastiff carnivore
mastiff dog
mastiff entity
mastiff mammal
mastiff object
mastiff organism
mastiff vertebrate
masturbation entity
mat artifact
mat entity
mat object
match artifact
match device
match entity
match object
match equal
matchbox artifact
matchbox box
matchbox container
matchbox entity
matchbox object
matchmaker entity
matchmaker mediator
matchmaker negotiator
matchmaker object
matchmaker organism
matchmaker person
matchstick artifact
matchstick entity
matchstick implement
matchstick object
matchstick stick
mate entity
mate mariner
mate object
mate organism
mate person
mate sailor
mate worker
material entity
material part
material relation
material substance
materialism condition
materialism entity
materiality connection
materiality entity
materiality relation
materiality relevance
mathematician entity
mathematician object
mathematician organism
mathematician person
mathematician scientist
mathematics cognition
mathematics discipline
mathematics entity
mathematics science
matriculation action
matriculation admission
matriculation entity
matriculation event
matrix array
matrix entity
matrix group
matron adult
matron entity
matron object
matron organism
matron person
matron relative
matron spouse
matron wife
matron woman
matter concern
matter condition
matter curiosity
matter entity
matter interest
matting artifact
matting entity
matting object
mattress artifact
mattress entity
mattress object
maturation entity
mature increase
maul artifact
maul entity
maul implement
maul object
maul tool
maul cleave
mausoleum artifact
mausoleum chamber
mausoleum enclosure
mausoleum entity
mausoleum location
mausoleum object
mausoleum structure
maverick entity
maverick object
maverick organism
maverick person
maxim entity
maxim saying
maximization activity
maximization calculation
maximization entity
maximization event
maximization procedure
maximize change
maximum entity
may entity
mayday entity
mayday signal
mayhem activity
mayhem crime
mayhem entity
mayhem event
mayhem transgression
mayor entity
mayor leader
mayor object
mayor organism
mayor person
mayor politician
maze artifact
maze entity
maze object
maze system
meal entity
meal food
mean average
mean cognition
mean entity
mean statistic
mean act
mean convey
mean impart
mean inform
mean interact
meander curve
meander entity
meaning entity
meaningfulness entity
meaningfulness importance
meaningfulness quality
meaningfulness significance
means entity
means event
measles condition
measles disease
measles entity
measles illness
measure action
measure decision
measure entity
measure event
measure move
measure decide
measurement activity
measurement entity
measurement event
measurer entity
measurer object
measurer organism
measurer person
meat entity
meat solid
mechanics cognition
mechanics discipline
mechanics entity
mechanics physics
mechanics science
mechanism entity
mechanization condition
mechanization entity
medalist contestant
medalist entity
medalist object
medalist organism
medalist person
medalist winner
medallion coinage
medallion coin
medallion currency
medallion entity
medallion standard
meddle act
meddle interact
meddle intervene
meddling action
meddling entity
meddling event
median average
median cognition
median entity
median statistic
mediation entity
mediation negotiation
mediator entity
mediator negotiator
mediator object
mediator organism
mediator person
medic entity
medic herb
medic object
medic organism
medicate change
medicate fill
medicine cognition
medicine discipline
medicine entity
medicine science
meditation cognition
meditation consideration
meditation entity
meditation thinking
medium artifact
medium entity
medium object
medley entity
medley music
meekness entity
meekness feeling
meet contest
meet entity
meet event
meeting entity
meeting gathering
meeting group
megahertz entity
megahertz rate
megahertz relation
megawatt entity
melancholia condition
melancholia depression
melancholia entity
melancholic depressive
melancholic entity
melancholic object
melancholic organism
melancholic person
melancholic unfortunate
melancholy entity
melancholy feeling
melancholy sadness
melanoma cancer
melanoma condition
melanoma disease
melanoma entity
melanoma illness
melanoma malignancy
melanoma tumor
mellow change
melodrama comedy
melodrama entity
melon entity
melon fruit
melon object
melon produce
melon solid
member associate
member entity
member object
member organism
member peer
member person
membership entity
membership group
membrane artifact
membrane entity
membrane object
memento cognition
memento entity
memo entity
memo indication
memo note
memo record
memoir autobiography
memoir biography
memoir entity
memoir indication
memoir record
memorabilia entity
memorabilia indication
memorabilia record
memorial entity
memorize learn
memory cognition
memory entity
memory representation
menace entity
mend artifact
mend entity
mend object
meningitis condition
meningitis disease
meningitis entity
meningitis illness
menopause entity
menstruation entity
mentality attitude
mentality cognition
mentality entity
mention entity
mention remark
mention statement
mention associate
mentor entity
mentor intellectual
mentor object
mentor organism
mentor person
mentor act
mentor inform
mentor interact
mentor teach
menu database
menu entity
menu information
menu list
mercenary adventurer
mercenary entity
mercenary object
mercenary organism
mercenary person
merchandise artifact
merchandise commodity
merchandise entity
merchandise object
merchant businessperson
merchant entity
merchant object
merchant organism
merchant person
mercury entity
mercury part
mercury relation
mercury substance
mere entity
mere lake
mere pond
merit entity
merit quality
mermaid cognition
mermaid creativity
mermaid entity
mermaid imagination
merrymaking activity
merrymaking diversion
merrymaking entity
merrymaking event
mesa entity
mesa highland
mesa object
mesh entity
mesquite entity
mesquite object
mesquite organism
mesquite shrub
mess condition
mess disorderliness
mess entity
message entity
message communicate
messaging communication
messaging entity
messaging event
messenger entity
messenger object
messenger organism
messenger person
messenger traveler
messiah benefactor
messiah entity
messiah object
messiah organism
messiah person
metabolite entity
metacarpal bone
metacarpal entity
metacarpal tissue
metal coat
metal cover
metallic artifact
metallic entity
metallic fabric
metallic object
metalworking activity
metalworking creation
metalworking entity
metalworking event
metamorphosis entity
metaphor entity
metaphysics cognition
metaphysics discipline
metaphysics entity
meteorite entity
meteorite object
meteorologist entity
meteorologist expert
meteorologist object
meteorologist organism
meteorologist person
meteorologist specialist
meteorology entity
meteorology statement
meter entity
meter act
meter interact
methadone drug
methadone entity
methadone narcotic
methane chemical
methane entity
methane material
methane part
methane relation
methane substance
methanol entity
methanol fluid
methanol fuel
methanol liquid
methanol part
methanol relation
methanol substance
method cognition
method entity
methodology cognition
methodology discipline
methodology entity
metro business
metro entity
metro group
metro organization
metro railway
metropolitan archbishop
metropolitan bishop
metropolitan clergyman
metropolitan entity
metropolitan leader
metropolitan object
metropolitan organism
metropolitan person
metropolitan priest
metropolitan status
microbe entity
microbe microorganism
microbe object
microbe organism
microbiologist biologist
microbiologist entity
microbiologist object
microbiologist organism
microbiologist person
microbiologist scientist
microbiology biology
microbiology cognition
microbiology discipline
microbiology entity
microbiology science
microeconomics cognition
microeconomics discipline
microeconomics economics
microeconomics entity
microeconomics science
microfilm artifact
microfilm entity
microfilm equipment
microfilm object
microfilm have
microfilm record
micron entity
microorganism entity
microorganism object
microorganism organism
microphone artifact
microphone device
microphone entity
microphone object
microprocessor artifact
microprocessor device
microprocessor entity
microprocessor object
microscope artifact
microscope device
microscope entity
microscope instrument
microscope magnifier
microscope object
microscopy activity
microscopy entity
microscopy event
microscopy research
microscopy work
microwave energy
microwave entity
microwave phenomenon
microwave radiation
middle put
midfield area
midfield center
midfield entity
midfield location
midfield object
midnight cognition
midnight entity
midshipman cadet
midshipman entity
midshipman object
midshipman organism
midshipman person
midshipman trainee
midst entity
midst inside
midst location
midst object
midst region
midterm entity
midway entity
midway location
midway object
midway tract
might entity
might strength
migraine ache
migraine cognition
migraine entity
migraine evidence
migraine pain
migraine symptom
migrant entity
migrant object
migrant organism
migrant person
migrant traveler
migration action
migration entity
migration event
mile entity
milestone entity
milestone signal
milestone symbol
militant entity
militant object
militant organism
militant person
militant reformer
militarism attitude
militarism cognition
militarism entity
military entity
military group
military organization
militia entity
militia group
militia organization
milk beverage
milk entity
milk fluid
milk food
milk liquid
milk part
milk relation
milk substance
milk remove
millennium entity
millet cereal
millet entity
millet grass
millet herb
millet object
millet organism
milligram entity
millimeter entity
milling artifact
milling entity
milling object
milling surface
million entity
million integer
millionaire entity
millionaire object
millionaire organism
millionaire person
millipede animal
millipede entity
millipede invertebrate
millipede object
millipede organism
mime actor
mime entertainer
mime entity
mime object
mime organism
mime performer
mime person
mimic deceiver
mimic entity
mimic object
mimic organism
mimic person
mimic imitate
mimic reproduce
mince entity
mince food
mince change
mind cognition
mind entity
mind object
mine artifact
mine entity
mine object
mine use
miner employee
miner entity
miner laborer
miner object
miner organism
miner person
miner worker
miner workman
mineral entity
mineral material
mineral part
mineral relation
mineral substance
mineralogy cognition
mineralogy discipline
mineralogy entity
mineralogy geology
mineralogy science
miniature art
miniature artifact
miniature entity
miniature object
miniature painting
miniaturist artist
miniaturist entity
miniaturist object
miniaturist organism
miniaturist painter
miniaturist person
miniaturization action
miniaturization entity
miniaturization event
miniaturize change
minimization action
minimization entity
minimization event
minimize change
minimum entity
mining commerce
mining entity
mining event
mining transaction
minister help
minister support
ministry entity
ministry group
ministry priesthood
ministry profession
minivan artifact
minivan car
minivan container
minivan entity
minivan object
minivan truck
minivan vehicle
mink entity
mink fur
mink material
mink part
mink relation
mink substance
minority entity
minority group
minuet activity
minuet cognition
minuet dancing
minuet discipline
minuet diversion
minuet entity
minuet event
minute entity
miracle entity
miracle event
miracle happening
mirage entity
mirage phenomenon
mirror artifact
mirror device
mirror entity
mirror object
misanthropy emotion
misanthropy entity
misanthropy feeling
misanthropy hate
miscarriage entity
miscarriage event
miscarriage happening
mischief activity
mischief entity
mischief event
misdemeanor activity
misdemeanor crime
misdemeanor entity
misdemeanor event
misdemeanor transgression
miser entity
miser object
miser organism
miser person
misery adversity
misery entity
misfortune entity
misfortune event
misfortune happening
misinformation entity
misinformation information
mislead lead
mismatch cognition
mismatch counterpart
mismatch entity
mismatch equivalent
mismatch connect
misrepresentation entity
misrepresentation falsehood
misrepresentation statement
missile artifact
missile device
missile entity
missile instrument
missile object
missile rocket
missile vehicle
missile weapon
mission entity
mission group
mission organization
missionary adult
missionary educator
missionary entity
missionary object
missionary organism
missionary person
missionary professional
missionary teacher
misspelling entity
misspelling orthography
misspelling spelling
mist aerosol
mist cloud
mist entity
mist fog
mist phenomenon
mistake entity
mistake event
mistake remember
mister entity
mister name
mister part
mister relation
mistletoe entity
mistletoe object
mistletoe organism
mistletoe parasite
mistranslation entity
mistranslation indication
mistranslation record
mistranslation translation
mistress adult
mistress entity
mistress object
mistress organism
mistress person
mistress woman
misuse activity
misuse entity
misuse event
misuse use
mitosis entity
mix concoction
mix entity
mix food
mixture entity
mixture part
mixture relation
mixture substance
moat artifact
moat ditch
moat entity
moat object
moat trench
mob crowd
mob entity
mob gathering
mob group
mobility entity
mobility quality
mobilization entity
mobilization event
mobilize gather
mock activity
mock behavior
mock entity
mock event
mock act
mock interact
mock treat
mockingbird animal
mockingbird bird
mockingbird entity
mockingbird object
mockingbird organism
mockingbird vertebrate
model cognition
model concept
model entity
model idea
model imitate
model reproduce
modem artifact
modem entity
modem equipment
modem object
moderate act
moderate interact
moderation degree
moderation entity
moderator entity
moderator inhibitor
modern entity
modern object
modern organism
modern person
modernism art
modernism artifact
modernism entity
modernism object
modernist artist
modernist entity
modernist object
modernist organism
modernist person
modernization action
modernization entity
modernization event
modesty decency
modesty entity
modesty propriety
modesty trait
modifier entity
modifier part
modifier relation
modifier word
mogul bulge
mogul entity
moisture condition
moisture entity
moisture wetness
molar bone
molar entity
molar tissue
molar tooth
molding activity
molding creation
molding entity
molding event
molecule entity
moment entity
momentum degree
momentum entity
monarchist adult
monarchist conservative
monarchist entity
monarchist object
monarchist organism
monarchist person
monarchy autocracy
monarchy entity
monarchy group
monastery artifact
monastery building
monastery dwelling
monastery entity
monastery house
monastery housing
monastery object
monastery structure
money entity
money standard
mongoose animal
mongoose carnivore
mongoose entity
mongoose mammal
mongoose object
mongoose organism
mongoose vertebrate
monitor watch
monk entity
monk object
monk organism
monk person
monk religious
monkey animal
monkey entity
monkey mammal
monkey object
monkey organism
monkey vertebrate
monogamy entity
monogamy marriage
monogamy status
monogram entity
monogram signal
monogram symbol
monograph entity
monopolist entity
monopolist object
monopolist organism
monopolist person
monopoly activity
monopoly entity
monopoly event
monopoly market
monorail business
monorail entity
monorail group
monorail organization
monorail railway
monotheism belief
monotheism cognition
monotheism entity
monotheism morality
monotheism quality
monotheism religion
monotheism theism
monotheist entity
monotheist object
monotheist organism
monotheist person
monotone entity
monotone intonation
monoxide chemical
monoxide entity
monoxide material
monoxide oxide
monoxide part
monoxide relation
monoxide substance
monsignor clergyman
monsignor entity
monsignor leader
monsignor object
monsignor organism
monsignor person
monsignor priest
monsignor status
monsoon entity
monsoon phenomenon
monsoon weather
monsoon wind
monster cognition
monster creativity
monster entity
monster imagination
monthly artifact
monthly entity
monthly object
monthly periodical
monthly publication
moo entity
moo event
moo happening
moonlight energy
moonlight entity
moonlight light
moonlight phenomenon
moonlight radiation
moonwalk action
moonwalk entity
moonwalk event
moot entity
moot event
moot lawsuit
moot proceeding
moped artifact
moped container
moped entity
moped motorcycle
moped object
moped vehicle
moral entity
moral meaning
morale condition
morale entity
morality entity
morality quality
morbidity entity
morbidity incidence
morbidity ratio
morbidity relation
morning entity
morphine drug
morphine entity
morphine narcotic
mortality entity
mortality impermanence
mortar artifact
mortar artillery
mortar cannon
mortar entity
mortar object
mortar weaponry
mortar coat
mortar cover
mortgage assets
mortgage entity
mortgage relation
mortgage share
mortgage be
mosaic art
mosaic artifact
mosaic entity
mosaic object
mosque artifact
mosque building
mosque entity
mosque object
mosque structure
mosquito animal
mosquito entity
mosquito insect
mosquito invertebrate
mosquito object
mosquito organism
moss entity
moss object
moss organism
motel artifact
motel building
motel entity
motel hotel
motel object
motel structure
moth animal
moth entity
moth insect
moth invertebrate
moth object
moth organism
mother ancestor
mother entity
mother object
mother organism
mother parent
mother person
mother relative
mother help
mother support
motherhood entity
motherhood relation
motif artifact
motif decoration
motif entity
motif object
motivate cause
motivation entity
motor artifact
motor device
motor entity
motor machine
motor object
motorbike travel
motorcycle artifact
motorcycle container
motorcycle entity
motorcycle object
motorcycle vehicle
motorcyclist entity
motorcyclist object
motorcyclist organism
motorcyclist person
motorcyclist traveler
motto entity
motto saying
mound artifact
mound entity
mound equipment
mound object
mount attach
mount connect
mountain entity
mountain object
mountaineer adventurer
mountaineer athlete
mountaineer contestant
mountaineer entity
mountaineer object
mountaineer organism
mountaineer person
mountaineer climb
mountaineer rise
mountaineer travel
mountainside entity
mountainside object
mountainside slope
mourn feel
mourner entity
mourner object
mourner organism
mourner person
mourner unfortunate
mourning emotion
mourning entity
mourning feeling
mouse animal
mouse entity
mouse mammal
mouse object
mouse organism
mouse rodent
mouse vertebrate
mousse dessert
mousse entity
mousse food
mousse change
mouth entity
mouth orifice
mouthpiece artifact
mouthpiece entity
mouthpiece object
move action
move decision
move entity
move event
mover employee
mover entity
mover object
mover organism
mover person
mover worker
mover workman
movie artifact
movie entity
movie event
movie object
mow cut
mozzarella cheese
mozzarella entity
mozzarella food
mozzarella solid
much entity
mucus entity
mucus part
mucus relation
mucus substance
mud entity
mud material
mud part
mud relation
mud substance
muddy change
muddy dirty
mudguard artifact
mudguard barrier
mudguard entity
mudguard fender
mudguard object
mudguard obstruction
mudguard structure
muffin bread
muffin entity
muffin food
muffin solid
muffle artifact
muffle chamber
muffle enclosure
muffle entity
muffle furnace
muffle object
muffle structure
mug entity
mug rob
mug steal
mule animal
mule entity
mule mammal
mule object
mule organism
mule vertebrate
mullet entity
mullet solid
multimedia communication
multimedia entity
multimedia event
multiple cognition
multiple concept
multiple entity
multiple idea
multiplex artifact
multiplex entity
multiplex medium
multiplex object
multiplex telecommunication
multiplicity entity
multiplicity magnitude
multiplier entity
multiply calculate
mumps condition
mumps disease
mumps entity
mumps illness
municipality district
municipality entity
municipality location
municipality object
mural art
mural artifact
mural entity
mural object
mural painting
murder action
murder entity
murder event
murder homicide
murder kill
murderer criminal
murderer entity
murderer killer
murderer object
murderer organism
murderer person
murderess criminal
murderess entity
murderess killer
murderess murderer
murderess object
murderess organism
murderess person
murmur act
murmur interact
muscle entity
muscle organ
muscle pass
muscle travel
muse belief
muse cognition
muse deity
muse entity
museum artifact
museum depository
museum entity
museum facility
museum object
mushroom entity
mushroom fungus
mushroom object
mushroom organism
mushroom gather
music entity
musical artifact
musical entity
musical event
musical movie
musical object
musician entertainer
musician entity
musician object
musician organism
musician performer
musician person
musk entity
musk part
musk relation
musk substance
muslin artifact
muslin entity
muslin fabric
muslin object
mussel entity
mussel seafood
mussel shellfish
mussel solid
must entity
mustache covering
mustache entity
mustache hair
mustache object
mustang animal
mustang entity
mustang horse
mustang mammal
mustang object
mustang organism
mustang pony
mustang vertebrate
mustard entity
mustard herb
mustard object
mustard organism
muster entity
muster gathering
muster group
muster gather
mutant entity
mutant object
mutant organism
mute entity
mute object
mute organism
mute person
mutiny conflict
mutiny entity
mutiny event
mutiny rebel
mutiny refute
mutiny reject
muzzle equip
muzzle supply
myopia condition
myopia disability
myopia entity
myriad entity
mystery condition
mystery entity
mystic entity
mystic object
mystic organism
mystic person
mysticism belief
mysticism cognition
mysticism entity
mysticism morality
mysticism quality
mysticism religion
mystique entity
mystique quality
myth entity
myth fiction
mythologist entity
mythologist expert
mythologist object
mythologist organism
mythologist person
mythology collection
mythology entity
mythology group
nacho entity
nacho food
nag complain
nail entity
nail attach
nail connect
nakedness condition
nakedness entity
name entity
name part
name relation
name designate
name label
namesake entity
namesake object
namesake organism
namesake person
naming entity
naming event
nanny adult
nanny defender
nanny entity
nanny keeper
nanny object
nanny organism
nanny person
nanny woman
nanometer entity
nap sleep
nape boundary
nape entity
nape location
nape object
nape region
napkin artifact
napkin commodity
napkin entity
napkin object
narcotic drug
narcotic entity
narrate act
narrate inform
narrate interact
narrative entity
narrator entity
narrator object
narrator organism
narrator person
narrator speaker
narrow entity
narrow strait
narrowness dimension
narrowness entity
narrowness magnitude
narrowness width
national entity
national object
national organism
national person
nationality entity
nationality group
nationality people
nationhood entity
native entity
native object
native organism
native person
natural entity
natural object
natural organism
natural person
naturalism belief
naturalism cognition
naturalism doctrine
naturalism entity
naturalist entity
naturalist intellectual
naturalist object
naturalist organism
naturalist person
naturalist philosopher
naturalist scholar
naturalization entity
naturalization quality
nature entity
nature quality
nausea cognition
nausea entity
nausea evidence
nausea symptom
navel entity
navel location
navel object
navigation activity
navigation entity
navigation event
navy entity
navy group
navy organization
nay denial
nay entity
nay event
nay negative
nearness distance
nearness entity
nearness placement
nearness relation
neatness condition
neatness entity
nebula chemical
nebula entity
nebula formulation
nebula material
nebula part
nebula relation
nebula substance
necessity condition
necessity entity
necessity need
neck entity
neck caress
neck pet
neck stroke
neck touch
necklace adornment
necklace artifact
necklace decoration
necklace entity
necklace jewelry
necklace object
neckline artifact
neckline entity
neckline object
necrophilia entity
necrophilia mania
necrophilia motivation
nectar entity
nectar part
nectar relation
nectar substance
nectarine entity
nectarine object
nectarine organism
nectarine tree
need condition
need entity
needle annoy
needle harass
needy entity
needy group
needy people
negation entity
negation statement
negative denial
negative entity
negative event
negativity entity
negativity relation
negligence entity
negligence event
negotiation entity
negotiator entity
negotiator object
negotiator organism
negotiator person
neighbor entity
neighbor object
neighbor organism
neighbor person
neighbor populate
neoclassicism cognition
neoclassicism discipline
neoclassicism entity
neoclassicism manner
neon entity
neon part
neon relation
neon substance
nephew entity
nephew kinsman
nephew object
nephew organism
nephew person
nephew relative
nerve entity
nerve tissue
nest entity
nest object
nest populate
net get
net profit
nettle entity
nettle object
nettle organism
nettle weed
network entity
network group
network act
network interact
neurology cognition
neurology discipline
neurology entity
neurology science
neurophysiology biology
neurophysiology cognition
neurophysiology discipline
neurophysiology entity
neurophysiology physiology
neurophysiology science
neurosis condition
neurosis disorder
neurosis entity
neurotic entity
neurotic object
neurotic organism
neurotic person
neurotic unfortunate
neurotransmitter chemical
neurotransmitter entity
neurotransmitter material
neurotransmitter part
neurotransmitter relation
neurotransmitter substance
neuter class
neuter collection
neuter entity
neuter gender
neuter group
neutral entity
neutral object
neutral organism
neutral person
neutrality entity
neutrality event
neutron entity
neutron object
newcomer entity
newcomer object
newcomer organism
newcomer person
newness age
newness entity
news entity
news information
newscaster broadcaster
newscaster entity
newscaster object
newscaster organism
newscaster person
newsletter entity
newsletter information
newspaper artifact
newspaper entity
newspaper medium
newspaper object
newsreel artifact
newsreel entity
newsreel event
newsreel movie
newsreel object
newt animal
newt entity
newt object
newt organism
newt salamander
newt vertebrate
niche entity
niche status
nick cut
nickel entity
nickel part
nickel relation
nickel substance
nickel coat
nickel cover
nickel plate
nickname entity
nickname name
nickname part
nickname relation
nicotine agent
nicotine alkaloid
nicotine chemical
nicotine entity
nicotine material
nicotine part
nicotine poison
nicotine relation
nicotine substance
niece entity
niece object
niece organism
niece person
niece relative
nigger entity
nigger object
nigger organism
nigger person
night entity
nightingale animal
nightingale bird
nightingale entity
nightingale object
nightingale organism
nightingale vertebrate
nightlife activity
nightlife diversion
nightlife entertainment
nightlife entity
nightlife event
nightmare condition
nightmare entity
nightshade entity
nightshade object
nightshade organism
nine digit
nine entity
nine integer
nineteen entity
nineteen integer
nineteenth entity
nineteenth status
ninety entity
ninety integer
ninja adventurer
ninja entity
ninja mercenary
ninja object
ninja organism
ninja person
ninth entity
ninth status
nipple entity
nipple organ
nirvana blessedness
nirvana emotion
nirvana entity
nirvana feeling
nirvana happiness
nitrate chemical
nitrate entity
nitrate material
nitrate part
nitrate relation
nitrate substance
nitrate affect
nitrate change
nitrate process
nitrogen entity
nitrogen part
nitrogen relation
nitrogen substance
no denial
no entity
no event
no negative
nobility elite
nobility entity
nobility group
nobility people
nod entity
nod act
nod interact
node entity
noise entity
noise event
noise happening
nomad entity
nomad object
nomad organism
nomad person
nomad traveler
nomad wanderer
nominate choose
nominate decide
nomination action
nomination appointment
nomination decision
nomination entity
nomination event
nominative class
nominative collection
nominative entity
nominative group
nonchalance entity
nonchalance trait
none cognition
none entity
nonexistence entity
nonfiction entity
nonmetal entity
nonmetal part
nonmetal relation
nonmetal substance
nonsense entity
noodle entity
noodle solid
nook area
nook entity
nook location
nook object
noon cognition
noon entity
norm entity
norm standard
normality condition
normality entity
northeast entity
northeast relation
northern entity
northern language
nose entity
nose organ
nosebleed bleeding
nosebleed condition
nosebleed entity
nosebleed injury
nostalgia desire
nostalgia entity
nostalgia feeling
nostalgia longing
nostril entity
nostril orifice
notarize act
notarize attest
notarize inform
notarize interact
notation entity
notch entity
notch indentation
notch cut
note entity
note indication
note record
note state
notebook artifact
notebook entity
notebook object
nothing entity
nothingness entity
nothingness nonexistence
notice entity
notice statement
notoriety entity
notoriety standing
notoriety status
noun entity
noun part
noun relation
noun substantive
noun word
nova entity
nova object
nova star
novel entity
novel fiction
novelist entity
novelist object
novelist organism
novelist person
novelist writer
novelize change
now entity
now present
nowhere entity
nowhere standing
nowhere status
nozzle artifact
nozzle entity
nozzle object
nozzle spout
nuance entity
nuance meaning
nucleus entity
nucleus organ
nude art
nude artifact
nude entity
nude object
nude painting
nudge entity
nudge event
nudge push
nuisance cognition
nuisance entity
numb change
number entity
number magnitude
numeral entity
numeral signal
numeral symbol
numeration entity
numeration event
numeration naming
numerator entity
numerology cognition
numerology discipline
numerology entity
nun entity
nun object
nun organism
nun person
nun religious
nunnery artifact
nunnery building
nunnery convent
nunnery dwelling
nunnery entity
nunnery house
nunnery housing
nunnery object
nunnery structure
nurse adult
nurse entity
nurse object
nurse organism
nurse person
nurse professional
nursery artifact
nursery bedroom
nursery entity
nursery object
nursery room
nursery structure
nursing activity
nursing care
nursing entity
nursing event
nursing work
nut entity
nut fruit
nut object
nut seed
nut gather
nutmeg entity
nutmeg object
nutmeg organism
nutmeg tree
nutrition entity
nylon chemical
nylon entity
nylon fiber
nylon material
nylon part
nylon polymer
nylon relation
nylon substance
nymph belief
nymph cognition
nymph deity
nymph entity
oak entity
oak material
oak part
oak relation
oak substance
oak wood
oar artifact
oar entity
oar implement
oar object
oasis entity
oasis location
oasis object
oasis tract
oat cereal
oat entity
oat grass
oat herb
oat object
oat organism
obedience entity
obedience event
obituary entity
obituary notice
obituary statement
object entity
objectivity entity
objectivity trait
oblique class
oblique collection
oblique entity
oblique group
oblivion entity
oblivion standing
oblivion status
oblong entity
obscure hide
observation activity
observation entity
observation event
observation measurement
observatory artifact
observatory building
observatory entity
observatory object
observatory structure
obsessive entity
obsessive neurotic
obsessive object
obsessive organism
obsessive person
obsessive unfortunate
obstacle cognition
obstacle entity
obstacle hindrance
obstetrician adult
obstetrician doctor
obstetrician entity
obstetrician object
obstetrician organism
obstetrician person
obstetrician professional
obstruct prevent
obstruction artifact
obstruction entity
obstruction object
obstruction structure
obtain get
obtainment entity
obtainment event
occasion cause
occultism cognition
occultism discipline
occultism entity
occupancy entity
occupancy event
occupancy residency
occupation activity
occupation entity
occupation event
ocean entity
oceanic entity
oceanic language
oceanographer entity
oceanographer object
oceanographer organism
oceanographer person
oceanographer scientist
oceanography cognition
oceanography discipline
oceanography entity
oceanography science
octane chemical
octane entity
octane hydrocarbon
octane material
octane part
octane relation
octane substance
octave entity
octave festival
octopus entity
octopus seafood
octopus solid
odds entity
odds likelihood
odds quality
ode entity
ode poem
odyssey action
odyssey entity
odyssey event
odyssey journey
odyssey travel
offer entity
offer event
offer supply
office artifact
office entity
office object
office structure
officer command
officer control
official entity
official object
official organism
official person
official worker
officiate act
offset adjust
offset balance
offset change
offside entity
offside event
offside mistake
offspring entity
offspring object
offspring organism
offspring person
offspring relative
ohm entity
oil chemical
oil entity
oil lipid
oil material
oil molecule
oil part
oil relation
oil substance
oil cover
oilman businessman
oilman businessperson
oilman entity
oilman object
oilman organism
oilman person
ointment drug
ointment entity
old entity
old past
olive entity
olive fruit
olive object
omega entity
omega event
omega happening
omelet entity
omelet food
omen entity
omen event
omen happening
oncology cognition
oncology discipline
oncology entity
oncology medicine
oncology science
one digit
one entity
one integer
oneness entity
oneness quality
oneness sameness
onion bulb
onion entity
onion object
onlooker entity
onlooker object
onlooker organism
onlooker person
onlooker spectator
onset beginning
onset entity
onset event
onset happening
onset start
onslaught entity
onslaught event
onslaught happening
opacity entity
opacity phenomenon
open area
open entity
open location
open object
opener beginning
opener entity
opener event
opener happening
opener start
opening entity
opening location
opening object
openness entity
openness placement
openness relation
opera entity
opera music
operate control
operation entity
operator entity
operator function
operator relation
opinion belief
opinion cognition
opinion entity
opium drug
opium entity
opium narcotic
opportunism entity
opportunism selfishness
opportunism stinginess
opportunism trait
opportunist entity
opportunist object
opportunist organism
opportunist person
opportunity being
opportunity entity
oppose act
oppose converse
oppose interact
oppose talk
oppression activity
oppression entity
oppression event
oppression maltreatment
oppression persecution
oppression practice
optics cognition
optics discipline
optics entity
optics physics
optics science
optimism entity
optimism feeling
optimum entity
optimum quality
option document
option entity
optometrist entity
optometrist expert
optometrist object
optometrist organism
optometrist person
optometrist specialist
oral communication
oral entity
oral event
orange citrus
orange entity
orange fruit
orange object
orange produce
orange solid
orangutan animal
orangutan ape
orangutan entity
orangutan mammal
orangutan object
orangutan organism
orangutan vertebrate
orator entity
orator object
orator organism
orator person
orator speaker
oratory entity
oratory event
orbit entity
orbit location
orbit object
orchestra entity
orchestra group
orchestra organization
orchid entity
orchid flower
orchid object
orchid organism
ordain declare
ordain decree
ordain state
ordeal entity
ordeal event
ordeal happening
order command
order entity
order event
order communicate
order request
orderliness entity
orderliness quality
orderly assistant
orderly attendant
orderly entity
orderly object
orderly organism
orderly person
orderly serviceman
orderly soldier
orderly worker
ordinary entity
ordinary judge
ordinary object
ordinary official
ordinary organism
ordinary person
ordinary worker
ordination entity
ordination status
ore entity
ore material
ore mineral
ore part
ore relation
ore substance
organ entity
organic chemical
organic entity
organic fertilizer
organic material
organic part
organic relation
organic substance
organism entity
organism object
organist entertainer
organist entity
organist musician
organist object
organist organism
organist performer
organist person
organization entity
organization group
organizer entity
organizer intellectual
organizer object
organizer organism
organizer person
orgasm action
orgasm entity
orgasm event
orient lie
oriental entity
oriental inhabitant
oriental object
oriental organism
oriental person
orientation activity
orientation entity
orientation event
orifice entity
origami activity
origami creation
origami entity
origami event
originality cognition
originality entity
originator entity
originator object
originator organism
originator person
ornamental entity
ornamental object
ornamental organism
ornamentation entity
ornithology biology
ornithology cognition
ornithology discipline
ornithology entity
ornithology science
orphan child
orphan entity
orphan juvenile
orphan object
orphan organism
orphan person
orphan deprive
orphanage entity
orthodontics cognition
orthodontics dentistry
orthodontics discipline
orthodontics entity
orthodontics medicine
orthodontics science
orthography entity
oscillator artifact
oscillator device
oscillator entity
oscillator object
oscilloscope artifact
oscilloscope entity
oscilloscope equipment
oscilloscope object
osmosis diffusion
osmosis entity
osteoarthritis arthritis
osteoarthritis condition
osteoarthritis disease
osteoarthritis entity
osteoarthritis illness
osteoporosis condition
osteoporosis entity
ostrich entity
ostrich object
ostrich organism
ostrich person
otherworld entity
otter entity
otter fur
otter material
otter part
otter relation
otter substance
ottoman entity
ottoman inhabitant
ottoman object
ottoman organism
ottoman person
ounce entity
out entity
out event
out failure
outage entity
outback entity
outback location
outback object
outbreak entity
outbreak event
outbreak happening
outcast entity
outcast object
outcast organism
outcast person
outcast unfortunate
outdoors entity
outdoors location
outdoors object
outdoors outside
outdoors region
outfield entity
outfield location
outfield object
outfield tract
outfielder athlete
outfielder contestant
outfielder entity
outfielder fielder
outfielder object
outfielder organism
outfielder person
outfielder player
outfit entity
outfit group
outfit organization
outgrowth consequence
outgrowth entity
outgrowth phenomenon
outlaw communicate
outlaw forbid
outlaw order
outlaw request
outline boundary
outline entity
outline location
outline object
outline region
outnumber be
outnumber total
outreach action
outreach entity
outreach event
outside entity
outside location
outside object
outside region
outskirt district
outskirt entity
outskirt location
outskirt object
outskirts area
outskirts entity
outskirts location
outskirts object
outweigh beat
ovary entity
ovary object
oven artifact
oven commodity
oven entity
oven object
over cognition
over concept
over entity
over idea
overall artifact
overall clothing
overall commodity
overall entity
overall object
overdose drug
overlap cognition
overlap entity
overlap representation
overlap coincide
overlap exist
overload artifact
overload entity
overload load
overload object
overlook entity
overlook location
overlook object
overlook miss
overlord entity
overlord object
overlord organism
overlord person
overlord ruler
overpopulate populate
overpower beat
overpressure entity
overpressure phenomenon
overpressure pressure
overrule decide
oversee administer
oversee control
overseer entity
overseer leader
overseer object
overseer organism
overseer person
overseer superior
overseer supervisor
overthrow action
overthrow entity
overthrow event
overthrow depose
overthrow oust
overturn turn
overview entity
overview statement
overview summary
overwhelm arouse
overwork activity
overwork entity
overwork event
overwork work
overwork change
overwrite have
overwrite record
ovulation entity
ovum entity
ovum object
owl animal
owl bird
owl entity
owl object
owl organism
owl vertebrate
owner businessman
owner businessperson
owner entity
owner object
owner organism
owner person
ownership entity
ownership relation
ox animal
ox bovine
ox cattle
ox entity
ox mammal
ox object
ox organism
ox vertebrate
oxidant entity
oxidation entity
oxide chemical
oxide entity
oxide material
oxide part
oxide relation
oxide substance
oxygen entity
oxygen part
oxygen relation
oxygen substance
oyster animal
oyster entity
oyster invertebrate
oyster object
oyster organism
oyster gather
ozone entity
pace entity
pace rate
pace relation
pace travel
pace walk
pacifism belief
pacifism cognition
pacifism doctrine
pacifism entity
pacify calm
pacify comfort
pack surround
package collection
package entity
package group
packaging commerce
packaging entity
packaging event
packaging transaction
pad entity
pad material
pad paper
pad part
pad relation
pad substance
paddle artifact
paddle entity
paddle implement
paddle object
paddle stick
paddle boat
paddle travel
padlock artifact
padlock device
padlock entity
padlock lock
padlock object
padlock attach
padlock connect
padlock fasten
padlock lock
paganism belief
paganism cognition
paganism entity
paganism morality
paganism quality
paganism religion
page entity
page material
page paper
page part
page relation
page substance
page communicate
page order
page request
pageant activity
pageant entity
pageant event
paging entity
paging utterance
pagoda artifact
pagoda building
pagoda entity
pagoda object
pagoda structure
pagoda temple
pain cognition
pain entity
pain evidence
pain symptom
paint artifact
paint coating
paint entity
paint material
paint object
paint part
paint relation
paint substance
paint act
paintbrush artifact
paintbrush device
paintbrush entity
paintbrush implement
paintbrush object
painter artist
painter entity
painter object
painter organism
painter person
painting art
painting artifact
painting entity
painting object
pair collection
pair entity
pair group
pair set
pair join
pair unite
pal act
pal befriend
pal interact
palace artifact
palace building
palace dwelling
palace entity
palace house
palace housing
palace object
palace structure
palate boundary
palate entity
palate location
palate object
palate region
paleontologist entity
paleontologist object
paleontologist organism
paleontologist person
paleontologist scientist
paleontology cognition
paleontology discipline
paleontology entity
paleontology science
palette entity
palette magnitude
palette scope
palm entity
palpitation cognition
palpitation entity
palpitation evidence
palpitation symptom
palsy change
palsy restrict
pan artifact
pan entity
pan implement
pan object
pan utensil
pan travel
pancake entity
pancake solid
pancreas entity
pancreas gland
pancreas organ
pandemic entity
pandemic epidemic
pandemic event
pandemic happening
pandemic outbreak
pane artifact
pane entity
pane object
panel artifact
panel entity
panel object
panel change
panel decorate
pang entity
pang feeling
panic emotion
panic entity
panic fear
panic feeling
pant entity
pant event
pant happening
pant noise
pant blow
pant breathe
papaya entity
papaya object
papaya organism
papaya tree
paper entity
paper material
paper part
paper relation
paper substance
paper cover
paperboard cardboard
paperboard entity
paperboard material
paperboard paper
paperboard part
paperboard relation
paperboard substance
papyrus entity
papyrus material
papyrus paper
papyrus part
papyrus relation
papyrus substance
par entity
par score
parabola entity
parade collection
parade entity
parade event
parade group
parade compel
paradigm entity
paradigm inflection
paradigm relation
paradox entity
paradox falsehood
paradox statement
paragraph entity
paragraph divide
parakeet animal
parakeet bird
parakeet entity
parakeet object
parakeet organism
parakeet parrot
parakeet vertebrate
parallel equal
parallel match
parallelogram entity
parallelogram polygon
parallelogram quadrilateral
paralysis condition
paralysis dysfunction
paralysis entity
parameter cognition
parameter concept
parameter constant
parameter entity
parameter idea
paramilitary entity
paramilitary group
paramilitary organization
paranoia condition
paranoia entity
paranoia psychosis
paranoid entity
paranoid object
paranoid organism
paranoid person
paranoid psychotic
paranoid unfortunate
paraphrase editing
paraphrase entity
paraphrase act
paraphrase inform
paraphrase interact
paraphrase repeat
parasite entity
parasite object
parasite organism
paratroops entity
paratroops group
paratroops infantry
paratroops organization
parcel divide
parchment entity
parchment material
parchment paper
parchment part
parchment relation
parchment substance
parent ancestor
parent entity
parent object
parent organism
parent person
parent relative
parenthesis entity
parenthesis signal
parenthesis symbol
parenthood entity
parfait dessert
parfait entity
parfait food
paring entity
paring fragment
parish community
parish entity
parish gathering
parish group
park entity
park location
park object
park tract
park put
parking entity
parking relation
parliament entity
parliament gathering
parliament group
parliament legislature
parliamentarian entity
parliamentarian leader
parliamentarian legislator
parliamentarian object
parliamentarian organism
parliamentarian person
parliamentarian politician
parlor artifact
parlor entity
parlor object
parlor room
parlor structure
parody caricature
parody entity
parody wit
parole entity
parole event
parole promise
parole free
parrot animal
parrot bird
parrot entity
parrot object
parrot organism
parrot vertebrate
parsley entity
parsley herb
parsley object
parsley organism
parsnip entity
parsnip object
parsnip root
part entity
part relation
partaker associate
partaker entity
partaker object
partaker organism
partaker participant
partaker peer
partaker person
participant associate
participant entity
participant object
participant organism
participant peer
participant person
participate act
participle class
participle collection
participle entity
participle group
participle verb
particular cognition
particular entity
particular fact
particularity entity
particularity quality
particulate entity
particulate material
particulate part
particulate relation
particulate substance
partisan advocate
partisan entity
partisan object
partisan organism
partisan person
partition artifact
partition entity
partition object
partition structure
partner supply
partnership business
partnership entity
partnership group
partnership organization
partridge entity
partridge meat
partridge solid
party entity
party group
party organization
pass travel
passage action
passage entity
passage event
passenger entity
passenger object
passenger organism
passenger person
passenger traveler
passerby entity
passerby object
passerby organism
passerby pedestrian
passerby person
passerby traveler
passion entity
passion feeling
passover entity
password entity
password indication
password information
past entity
pasta entity
pasta food
paste entity
paste mixture
paste part
paste relation
paste substance
pastime activity
pastime diversion
pastime entity
pastime event
pastry concoction
pastry dough
pastry entity
pastry food
pasture entity
pasture grassland
pasture group
pasture location
pasture object
pasture tract
pat entity
pat event
pat happening
patch connect
patella bone
patella entity
patella tissue
patent document
patent entity
patent get
patent obtain
patent procure
paternity entity
pathogen agent
pathogen entity
pathogen microorganism
pathogen object
pathogen organism
pathology cognition
pathology discipline
pathology entity
pathology science
pathos entity
pathos quality
patience disposition
patience entity
patience trait
patient entity
patient object
patient organism
patient person
patient unfortunate
patio artifact
patio entity
patio object
patio structure
patriarch entity
patriarch leader
patriarch object
patriarch organism
patriarch person
patriarchy entity
patriarchy group
patrimony assets
patrimony entity
patrimony relation
patriot entity
patriot national
patriot object
patriot organism
patriot person
patriotism entity
patriotism loyalty
patriotism quality
patrol entity
patrol group
patrol organization
patrol analyze
patrol check
patrol guard
patron consumer
patron customer
patron entity
patron object
patron organism
patron person
patron user
patronage have
patty entity
patty food
pauper entity
pauper object
pauper organism
pauper person
pauper unfortunate
pause entity
pave artifact
pave entity
pave object
pave structure
pave coat
pave cover
pavement artifact
pavement entity
pavement object
pavement surface
pavilion artifact
pavilion entity
pavilion object
pavilion shelter
pavilion structure
pavilion tent
paw entity
paw rub
paw scrape
pawn assets
pawn entity
pawn pledge
pawn relation
pawn share
pawn entrust
payback assets
payback entity
payback income
payback relation
payback sum
paycheck check
paycheck document
paycheck draft
paycheck entity
payer entity
payer object
payer organism
payer person
payment cost
payment entity
payment relation
payroll entity
pea entity
pea produce
pea solid
pea vegetable
peace entity
peacekeeping activity
peacekeeping entity
peacekeeping event
peacetime entity
peach entity
peach object
peach organism
peach tree
peacock animal
peacock butterfly
peacock entity
peacock insect
peacock invertebrate
peacock object
peacock organism
peanut entity
peanut fruit
peanut object
peanuts assets
peanuts entity
peanuts relation
peanuts sum
pear entity
pear fruit
pear object
pear produce
pear solid
pearl adornment
pearl artifact
pearl decoration
pearl entity
pearl jewel
pearl jewelry
pearl object
pearl gather
peasant commoner
peasant entity
peasant object
peasant organism
peasant person
peasant rustic
peasantry entity
peasantry group
peasantry people
pebble entity
pebble object
pebble rock
peck strike
peck touch
pectoral entity
pectoral muscle
pectoral organ
peculiarity cognition
peculiarity concept
peculiarity entity
peculiarity feature
peculiarity idea
pedestrian entity
pedestrian object
pedestrian organism
pedestrian person
pedestrian traveler
pedophile entity
pedophile object
pedophile organism
pedophile person
pedophilia entity
peek activity
peek entity
peek event
peepshow collection
peepshow entity
peepshow group
peer entity
peer object
peer organism
peer person
peer look
peg artifact
peg device
peg entity
peg object
pelican animal
pelican bird
pelican entity
pelican object
pelican organism
pelican seabird
pelican vertebrate
pellet entity
pelt throw
pelvis entity
pelvis girdle
pen artifact
pen entity
pen implement
pen object
pencil artifact
pencil entity
pencil implement
pencil object
pendant adornment
pendant artifact
pendant decoration
pendant entity
pendant object
pendulum apparatus
pendulum artifact
pendulum entity
pendulum equipment
pendulum object
penetrate enter
penetration activity
penetration attack
penetration entity
penetration event
penguin animal
penguin bird
penguin entity
penguin object
penguin organism
penguin seabird
penguin vertebrate
penicillin antibiotic
penicillin drug
penicillin entity
peninsula entity
peninsula object
penis entity
penis organ
penitentiary artifact
penitentiary entity
penitentiary object
penitentiary structure
pennant entity
pennant signal
pennant symbol
penny entity
pension cost
pension entity
pension payment
pension relation
pension give
pentecostal entity
pentecostal object
pentecostal organism
pentecostal person
pentecostal protestant
peony entity
peony flower
peony object
peony organism
people entity
people group
people change
people fill
pepper entity
pepper object
pepper organism
pepper vine
pepper season
pepper zest
percentage entity
percentage proportion
percentage quotient
percentage ratio
percentage relation
perch artifact
perch device
perch entity
perch object
perch sit
percussion activity
percussion entity
percussion event
perennial entity
perennial object
perennial organism
perfect change
perfection entity
perfectionist compulsive
perfectionist entity
perfectionist object
perfectionist organism
perfectionist person
perforation artifact
perforation entity
perforation object
performance entity
performance event
performer entertainer
performer entity
performer object
performer organism
performer person
perineum entity
periodical artifact
periodical entity
periodical object
periodical publication
peripheral artifact
peripheral entity
peripheral equipment
peripheral object
periphery entity
perishable entity
perishable food
perm change
permafrost entity
permafrost object
permanence entity
permeability consistency
permeability entity
permeate enter
permeate penetrate
permeation diffusion
permeation entity
permission entity
permit act
permit react
perpendicular entity
perpetrate act
perpetrator entity
perpetrator object
perpetrator organism
perpetrator person
perpetuity entity
perpetuity permanence
persecute annoy
persecute harass
persecution activity
persecution entity
persecution event
persecution maltreatment
persecution practice
persevere keep
person entity
person object
person organism
personage entity
personage object
personage organism
personage person
personal article
personal artifact
personal entity
personal nonfiction
personal object
personality entity
personification entity
personification object
personification organism
personification person
perspiration entity
perspiration part
perspiration relation
perspiration substance
persuasion communication
persuasion entity
persuasion event
perversion curve
perversion entity
pessimism entity
pessimism feeling
pesticide chemical
pesticide entity
pesticide material
pesticide part
pesticide relation
pesticide substance
pet animal
pet entity
pet object
pet organism
pet caress
pet stroke
pet touch
petal entity
petal leaf
petal object
petite entity
petition communicate
petition request
petroleum chemical
petroleum entity
petroleum fuel
petroleum lipid
petroleum material
petroleum molecule
petroleum oil
petroleum part
petroleum relation
petroleum substance
petunia entity
petunia flower
petunia object
petunia organism
pewter alloy
pewter entity
pewter mixture
pewter part
pewter relation
pewter substance
pharaoh entity
pharaoh object
pharaoh organism
pharaoh person
pharaoh ruler
pharmaceutical drug
pharmaceutical entity
pharmacist adult
pharmacist entity
pharmacist object
pharmacist organism
pharmacist person
pharmacist professional
pharmacy cognition
pharmacy discipline
pharmacy entity
pharmacy medicine
pharmacy science
phase entity
phase cause
pheasant animal
pheasant bird
pheasant entity
pheasant object
pheasant organism
pheasant vertebrate
phenomenon entity
pheromone entity
pheromone part
pheromone relation
pheromone substance
philanthropist benefactor
philanthropist donor
philanthropist entity
philanthropist object
philanthropist organism
philanthropist person
philanthropy entity
philanthropy gift
philanthropy relation
philosopher entity
philosopher intellectual
philosopher object
philosopher organism
philosopher person
philosopher scholar
phobia condition
phobia disorder
phobia entity
phonetics acoustics
phonetics cognition
phonetics discipline
phonetics entity
phonetics science
phonics activity
phonics entity
phonics event
phonics occupation
phonics teaching
phosphate chemical
phosphate entity
phosphate material
phosphate part
phosphate relation
phosphate salt
phosphate substance
phosphorus entity
phosphorus part
phosphorus relation
phosphorus substance
photochemistry chemistry
photochemistry cognition
photochemistry discipline
photochemistry entity
photochemistry science
photograph artifact
photograph entity
photograph object
photograph have
photograph record
photographer artist
photographer entity
photographer object
photographer organism
photographer person
photography activity
photography entity
photography event
photon entity
photon object
photosynthesis entity
phrase entity
phrase group
phrase language
phrase sequence
phrase series
phrasing activity
phrasing entity
phrasing event
physicist entity
physicist object
physicist organism
physicist person
physicist scientist
physics cognition
physics discipline
physics entity
physics science
physiologist biologist
physiologist entity
physiologist object
physiologist organism
physiologist person
physiologist scientist
physiology biology
physiology cognition
physiology discipline
physiology entity
physiology science
physique entity
phytoplankton entity
phytoplankton object
phytoplankton organism
pi entity
pianist entertainer
pianist entity
pianist musician
pianist object
pianist organism
pianist performer
pianist person
piano artifact
piano device
piano entity
piano object
piccolo artifact
piccolo device
piccolo entity
piccolo flute
piccolo object
pick choose
pick decide
pickle condiment
pickle entity
pickle food
pickup artifact
pickup container
pickup entity
pickup object
pickup truck
pickup vehicle
pictograph entity
pictograph signal
pictograph symbol
pictorial artifact
pictorial entity
pictorial object
pictorial periodical
pictorial publication
picture artifact
picture entity
picture object
pie entity
pie solid
piece entity
piece object
pier artifact
pier entity
pier object
pier platform
pier surface
pierce enter
pierce penetrate
piety entity
piety morality
piety quality
piety righteousness
pigeon animal
pigeon bird
pigeon entity
pigeon object
pigeon organism
pigeon vertebrate
piggyback action
piggyback carry
piggyback entity
piggyback event
piggyback travel
piglet animal
piglet entity
piglet object
piglet organism
piglet young
pigment entity
pigment material
pigment part
pigment relation
pigment substance
pigment change
pigment hue
pigmentation deposition
pigmentation entity
pigtail braid
pigtail covering
pigtail entity
pigtail hair
pigtail object
pile collection
pile entity
pile group
pilgrim entity
pilgrim object
pilgrim organism
pilgrim person
pilgrim traveler
pilgrimage action
pilgrimage entity
pilgrimage event
pilgrimage journey
pilgrimage travel
pill artifact
pill entity
pill object
pillar cognition
pillar entity
pillar idea
pillar principle
pillbox artifact
pillbox clothing
pillbox commodity
pillbox entity
pillbox hat
pillbox headdress
pillbox object
pillow artifact
pillow entity
pillow object
pillow put
pilot entity
pilot object
pilot organism
pilot person
pilot worker
pimple acne
pimple condition
pimple disease
pimple entity
pimple illness
pin adornment
pin artifact
pin decoration
pin entity
pin jewelry
pin object
pincer artifact
pincer entity
pincer implement
pincer object
pincer tool
pinch condition
pinch entity
pinch grip
pinch seize
pine conifer
pine entity
pine object
pine organism
pine tree
pineapple entity
pineapple herb
pineapple object
pineapple organism
ping touch
pink color
pink entity
pinnacle artifact
pinnacle entity
pinnacle object
pinnacle steeple
pinnacle structure
pinnacle tower
pinnacle lie
pinpoint entity
pinpoint moment
pinpoint get
pinpoint locate
pint entity
pioneer entity
pioneer object
pioneer organism
pioneer originator
pioneer person
pioneer cause
pipe artifact
pipe conduit
pipe entity
pipe object
pipe tube
piping artifact
piping cord
piping entity
piping object
pirate steal
pistol artifact
pistol device
pistol entity
pistol gun
pistol instrument
pistol object
pistol weapon
pit entity
pit object
pit confront
pita bread
pita entity
pita food
pita solid
pitch entity
pitcher athlete
pitcher contestant
pitcher entity
pitcher object
pitcher organism
pitcher person
pitcher player
pitching action
pitching entity
pitching event
pituitary entity
pituitary gland
pituitary organ
pivot entity
pivot object
pivot organism
pivot pedestrian
pivot person
pivot traveler
pivot turn
pixel entity
pixel object
pizza entity
pizza food
pizzeria artifact
pizzeria entity
pizzeria object
pizzeria shop
pizzeria structure
placebo drug
placebo entity
placement entity
placement relation
placenta entity
placenta object
plagiarist criminal
plagiarist entity
plagiarist object
plagiarist organism
plagiarist person
plagiarist thief
plague condition
plague disease
plague entity
plague illness
plain entity
plain object
plan cognition
plan entity
plan idea
plan intend
plane cut
planet entity
planet object
planetarium artifact
planetarium building
planetarium entity
planetarium object
planetarium structure
plank cover
plankton entity
plankton object
plankton organism
planner entity
planner object
planner organism
planner person
plant artifact
plant entity
plant object
plant structure
plant put
plantain entity
plantain herb
plantain object
plantain organism
plantation entity
plantation property
plantation relation
planting activity
planting entity
planting event
plaque artifact
plaque decoration
plaque entity
plaque object
plasma entity
plasma part
plasma relation
plasma substance
plaster artifact
plaster entity
plaster mixture
plaster object
plaster part
plaster relation
plaster substance
plaster cover
plastic entity
plastic solid
plate coat
plate cover
platelet entity
platelet part
platelet relation
platelet substance
platform artifact
platform entity
platform object
platform surface
plating artifact
plating coating
plating entity
plating object
platinum entity
platinum part
platinum relation
platinum substance
platoon entity
platoon group
platoon organization
platypus animal
platypus entity
platypus mammal
platypus object
platypus organism
platypus vertebrate
play entity
play compete
playback activity
playback continuance
playback entity
playback event
playboy entity
playboy object
playboy organism
playboy person
player contestant
player entity
player object
player organism
player person
playmate companion
playmate entity
playmate friend
playmate object
playmate organism
playmate person
playoff contest
playoff entity
playoff event
plaything artifact
plaything entity
plaything object
plaza entity
plaza location
plaza object
plaza tract
plead communicate
plead request
pleading entity
pleading statement
pleasing action
pleasing entity
pleasing event
pleasure entity
pleasure feeling
pledge assets
pledge entity
pledge relation
pledge share
pledge declare
pledge promise
pledge state
plenty abundance
plenty entity
plenty magnitude
pliers artifact
pliers entity
pliers implement
pliers lever
pliers object
pliers tool
plop entity
plop event
plop happening
plop noise
plop drop
plot cognition
plot entity
plot idea
plot plan
plot scheme
plow artifact
plow entity
plow implement
plow object
plow tool
plow change
plow till
pluck pull
plug artifact
plug entity
plug object
plug obstruction
plug structure
plug change
plug repair
plum entity
plum object
plum organism
plum tree
plume entity
plump entity
plump event
plump happening
plump noise
plundering action
plundering entity
plundering event
plural entity
plural form
plural part
plural relation
plural word
pluralism entity
pluralism group
plurality entity
pluralization entity
pluralization inflection
pluralization relation
plutonium entity
plutonium part
plutonium relation
plutonium substance
ply artifact
ply entity
ply object
pneumonia condition
pneumonia disease
pneumonia entity
pneumonia illness
pocket artifact
pocket bag
pocket container
pocket entity
pocket object
pocket pouch
pod covering
pod entity
pod object
pod remove
poem entity
poet entity
poet object
poet organism
poet person
poet writer
poetess entity
poetess object
poetess organism
poetess person
poetess poet
poetess writer
poetics cognition
poetics discipline
poetics entity
poetry entity
point cognition
point component
point concept
point entity
point idea
poise entity
poise fly
poise travel
poison entity
poison change
poison corrupt
poisoning condition
poisoning entity
poke entity
poke herb
poke object
poke organism
poker artifact
poker entity
poker implement
poker object
polarization entity
polarization phenomenon
pole artifact
pole entity
pole implement
pole object
pole rod
police agency
police entity
police group
police organization
policeman defender
policeman entity
policeman object
policeman organism
policeman person
policy cognition
policy entity
policy idea
policy plan
polish brightness
polish entity
polish smoothness
polish texture
polish change
politeness entity
politeness trait
politician entity
politician leader
politician object
politician organism
politician person
politics entity
politics relation
polka entity
polka music
poll cognition
poll entity
poll inquiry
poll thinking
poll analyze
pollen entity
pollen object
pollen spore
pollination beginning
pollination entity
pollination event
pollination fertilization
pollination happening
pollinator animal
pollinator entity
pollinator insect
pollinator invertebrate
pollinator object
pollinator organism
pollutant entity
pollutant material
pollutant part
pollutant relation
pollutant substance
pollutant waste
pollute change
pollute dirty
polluter entity
polluter object
polluter organism
polluter person
pollution condition
pollution entity
polyethylene chemical
polyethylene entity
polyethylene material
polyethylene part
polyethylene polymer
polyethylene relation
polyethylene resin
polyethylene substance
polygamy entity
polygamy marriage
polygamy status
polygon entity
polymer chemical
polymer entity
polymer material
polymer part
polymer relation
polymer substance
polyp condition
polyp entity
polyp illness
polystyrene chemical
polystyrene entity
polystyrene material
polystyrene part
polystyrene polymer
polystyrene relation
polystyrene resin
polystyrene substance
polytheism belief
polytheism cognition
polytheism entity
polytheism morality
polytheism quality
polytheism religion
polytheism theism
pomegranate entity
pomegranate object
pomegranate organism
pomegranate tree
pond entity
pond lake
pontoon artifact
pontoon barge
pontoon boat
pontoon entity
pontoon object
pontoon vehicle
pony animal
pony entity
pony horse
pony mammal
pony object
pony organism
pony vertebrate
poodle animal
poodle carnivore
poodle dog
poodle entity
poodle mammal
poodle object
poodle organism
poodle vertebrate
pool artifact
pool entity
pool object
pool use
popcorn cereal
popcorn corn
popcorn entity
popcorn grass
popcorn herb
popcorn object
popcorn organism
pope catholic
pope entity
pope leader
pope object
pope organism
pope person
poplar entity
poplar material
poplar part
poplar relation
poplar substance
poplar wood
popper entity
popper intellectual
popper object
popper organism
popper person
popper philosopher
popper scholar
poppy entity
poppy flower
poppy object
poppy organism
populace entity
populace group
populace people
popularity entity
popularity quality
popularization entity
popularization explanation
popularization statement
popularize act
popularize inform
popularize interact
popularize publicize
population entity
population group
population people
porcelain artifact
porcelain entity
porcelain implement
porcelain object
porcelain utensil
porch artifact
porch entity
porch object
porch structure
porcupine animal
porcupine entity
porcupine mammal
porcupine object
porcupine organism
porcupine rodent
porcupine vertebrate
pore entity
pore location
pore object
pork entity
pork meat
pork solid
pornography activity
pornography creation
pornography entity
pornography event
porridge entity
porridge food
port entity
port location
port object
portable artifact
portable device
portable entity
portable machine
portable object
portable typewriter
portal artifact
portal entity
portal entrance
portal object
porter employee
porter entity
porter laborer
porter object
porter organism
porter person
porter worker
porter workman
portfolio artifact
portfolio container
portfolio entity
portfolio object
porthole artifact
porthole entity
porthole object
porthole structure
porthole window
portrayal description
portrayal entity
portrayal statement
position entity
position location
position object
position put
positive adjective
positive entity
positive modifier
positive part
positive relation
positive word
positivism belief
positivism cognition
positivism doctrine
positivism entity
positivity entity
positivity relation
possession activity
possession entity
possession event
possibility belief
possibility cognition
possibility entity
possibility expectation
possible cognition
possible entity
post entity
post location
post object
post position
post affix
post attach
post connect
postage cost
postage entity
postage relation
postcard correspondence
postcard entity
postcard mail
postcard message
poster entity
postpone act
postscript entity
postscript statement
postulate entity
postulate proposition
postulate statement
pot artifact
pot container
pot entity
pot implement
pot object
pot utensil
pot attach
pot connect
pot implant
pot insert
potassium entity
potassium part
potassium relation
potassium substance
potato entity
potato food
potato produce
potato solid
potato vegetable
potential being
potential entity
potion beverage
potion entity
potion fluid
potion food
potion liquid
potion part
potion relation
potion substance
potter entity
potter object
potter organism
potter person
potter worker
pottery artifact
pottery entity
pottery implement
pottery object
pottery utensil
pouch artifact
pouch bag
pouch container
pouch entity
pouch object
pouch pack
pouch surround
pound entity
pounder entity
poverty condition
poverty entity
powder entity
powder solid
power entity
power quality
powerhouse entity
powerhouse object
powerhouse organism
powerhouse person
practicability entity
practicability quality
practicality entity
practicality quality
practice activity
practice entity
practice event
practitioner adult
practitioner entity
practitioner object
practitioner organism
practitioner person
practitioner professional
pragmatism belief
pragmatism cognition
pragmatism doctrine
pragmatism entity
prairie entity
prairie grassland
prairie group
prairie location
prairie object
prairie tract
praise entity
prank change
prank decorate
prawn entity
prawn seafood
prawn solid
prawn seize
pray act
pray commune
pray interact
prayer activity
prayer entity
prayer event
prayer worship
preach act
preach inform
preach interact
preach lecture
preach teach
preacher clergyman
preacher entity
preacher leader
preacher object
preacher organism
preacher person
preamble entity
preamble music
preamble section
preamble state
precaution action
precaution decision
precaution entity
precaution event
precaution measure
precaution move
precedence entity
precedence status
precedent cognition
precedent entity
precedent example
precession entity
precinct district
precinct entity
precinct location
precinct object
precipitate entity
precipitate solid
precipitate cause
precipitate effect
precipitation entity
precondition change
precursor entity
precursor material
precursor part
precursor relation
precursor substance
predecessor entity
predecessor object
predecessor organism
predecessor person
predicament condition
predicament entity
predicate entity
predicate group
predicate language
predicate sequence
predicate series
predicate be
predictability entity
predictability quality
prediction cognition
prediction entity
prediction reasoning
prediction thinking
predispose cause
predominance condition
predominance entity
prefect entity
prefect leader
prefect object
prefect organism
prefect person
preference entity
preference feeling
preference liking
prefix affix
prefix entity
prefix part
prefix relation
prefix attach
prefix connect
pregnancy condition
pregnancy entity
prehistory entity
prejudice disadvantage
prejudice distinguish
prejudice identify
preliminary contest
preliminary entity
preliminary event
prelude equal
prelude match
prelude satisfy
prelude serve
prelude suffice
premeditate act
premeditate interact
premiere entity
premiere event
premiere performance
premise entity
premise postulate
premise proposition
premise statement
premise act
premise clarify
premise elaborate
premise explain
premise inform
premise interact
premises entity
premises location
premises object
premises site
premises tract
premium cost
premium entity
premium payment
premium relation
preparation activity
preparation entity
preparation event
preposition entity
preposition part
preposition relation
preposition word
prerequisite duty
prerequisite entity
prerequisite event
prerogative abstraction
prerogative cognition
prerogative concept
prerogative entity
prerogative idea
prerogative right
preschool entity
preschool group
preschool institution
preschool organization
prescription entity
presence being
presence entity
present entity
presentation activity
presentation entity
presentation event
presenter entity
presenter object
presenter organism
presenter person
preservation activity
preservation entity
preservation event
preservation protection
preservative chemical
preservative entity
preservative material
preservative part
preservative relation
preservative substance
preserve entity
preserve environment
preserve situation
preserve sphere
preside control
presidency entity
presidency tenure
president administrator
president entity
president executive
president leader
president object
president organism
president person
press touch
pressure entity
pressure phenomenon
prestige entity
prestige standing
prestige status
presuppose assume
presuppose expect
pretense activity
pretense entity
pretense event
pretension entity
pretension quality
pretext entity
pretext falsehood
pretext misrepresentation
pretext statement
pretzel bread
pretzel cracker
pretzel entity
pretzel food
pretzel solid
prevalence entity
prevalence quality
prevention entity
prevention event
preventive drug
preventive entity
preview ad
preview entity
preview promotion
preview watch
prey entity
prey object
prey organism
prey person
prey unfortunate
prey victim
prey exploit
prey use
pride entity
pride feeling
pride feel
priest clergyman
priest entity
priest leader
priest object
priest organism
priest person
priest status
priestess clergyman
priestess entity
priestess leader
priestess object
priestess organism
priestess person
priestess priest
priestess status
priesthood entity
priesthood group
priesthood profession
primacy entity
primacy standing
primacy status
primary election
primary entity
primary event
primates entity
primates group
prime entity
prime change
primer artifact
primer book
primer entity
primer object
primer publication
primer textbook
primitive entity
primitive object
primitive organism
primitive person
primrose entity
primrose herb
primrose object
primrose organism
prince aristocrat
prince entity
prince leader
prince object
prince organism
prince person
princedom entity
princedom status
princess aristocrat
princess entity
princess leader
princess object
princess organism
princess person
principal entity
principal relation
principality entity
principality location
principality object
principle cognition
principle entity
principle idea
print entity
printer entity
printer object
printer organism
printer person
printer worker
printing entity
prior entity
prior object
prior organism
prior person
prior religious
prioritize rate
prism entity
prison artifact
prison entity
prison object
prison structure
prisoner entity
prisoner object
prisoner organism
prisoner person
prisoner unfortunate
privacy aloneness
privacy disposition
privacy entity
privacy trait
private entity
private object
private organism
private person
private serviceman
private worker
privilege advantage
privilege asset
privilege entity
privilege quality
privilege act
privilege permit
privilege react
prize entity
prize gift
prize relation
prize think
probability entity
probable applicant
probable entity
probable object
probable organism
probable person
probation entity
probe cognition
probe entity
probe inquiry
probe thinking
probe analyze
probe investigate
problem condition
problem entity
procedure activity
procedure entity
procedure event
proceeding entity
proceeding event
process affect
process change
processing entity
processor business
processor entity
processor group
processor organization
proclaim designate
proclaim label
proclaim name
procure get
procure obtain
procurement acquisition
procurement entity
procurement event
prodigal consumer
prodigal entity
prodigal object
prodigal organism
prodigal person
prodigal user
prodigy entity
prodigy genius
prodigy intellectual
prodigy object
prodigy organism
prodigy person
produce entity
produce solid
production entity
production event
profess claim
profession entity
profession group
professional adult
professional entity
professional object
professional organism
professional person
professionalism entity
professionalism expertness
professionalism skillfulness
professor adult
professor educator
professor entity
professor object
professor organism
professor person
professor professional
proficiency ability
proficiency competence
proficiency entity
proficiency quality
profile chart
profile entity
profile write
profit get
prognosis entity
prognosis statement
programmer engineer
programmer entity
programmer object
programmer organism
programmer person
progress increase
progression entity
progression group
progression series
progressive class
progressive collection
progressive entity
progressive group
progressive tense
progressiveness entity
progressiveness quality
prohibition document
prohibition entity
project act
project interact
projectile artifact
projectile device
projectile entity
projectile instrument
projectile object
projectile weapon
projection cognition
projection entity
projection prediction
projection reasoning
projection thinking
projector artifact
projector device
projector entity
projector object
proliferate increase
proliferation entity
proliferation growth
prologue entity
prologue music
prologue section
prolong change
prolong lengthen
prolongation activity
prolongation continuance
prolongation entity
prolongation event
promenade entity
promenade event
prominence entity
prominence standing
prominence status
promise entity
promise event
promise declare
promise state
promote support
promoter advertiser
promoter entity
promoter object
promoter organism
promoter person
promoter publicist
promotion entity
prompt cue
prompt entity
prompt text
promptness entity
pronoun entity
pronoun part
pronoun relation
pronoun word
pronouncement declaration
pronouncement entity
pronouncement statement
pronunciation entity
pronunciation utterance
proof cognition
proof entity
proof evidence
proofread confirm
proofread verify
prop artifact
prop entity
prop object
prop structure
propaganda entity
propaganda information
propagandist entity
propagandist object
propagandist organism
propagandist person
propagate bequeath
propagation communication
propagation dissemination
propagation entity
propagation event
propane entity
propane fuel
propeller artifact
propeller device
propeller entity
propeller object
property entity
property relation
prophecy cognition
prophecy entity
prophecy prediction
prophecy reasoning
prophecy thinking
prophesy predict
prophet entity
prophet intellectual
prophet object
prophet organism
prophet person
proportion entity
proportion quotient
proportion ratio
proportion relation
proportion act
proportion interact
proportional cognition
proportional concept
proportional entity
proportional idea
proportionality entity
proportionality ratio
proportionality relation
proposal entity
propose declare
propose state
proposition entity
proposition statement
proposition declare
proposition propose
proposition state
proprietorship entity
proprietorship ownership
proprietorship relation
proprietress businessman
proprietress businessperson
proprietress entity
proprietress object
proprietress organism
proprietress owner
proprietress person
propriety entity
propriety trait
propulsion entity
propulsion phenomenon
prosecute act
prosecution entity
prosecution event
prosecution proceeding
prosecutor adult
prosecutor entity
prosecutor lawyer
prosecutor object
prosecutor official
prosecutor organism
prosecutor person
prosecutor professional
prosecutor worker
prospect being
prospect entity
prospect potential
prospector employee
prospector entity
prospector laborer
prospector miner
prospector object
prospector organism
prospector person
prospector worker
prospector workman
prospectus entity
prosperity condition
prosperity entity
prosthesis artifact
prosthesis corrective
prosthesis device
prosthesis entity
prosthesis object
prostitute adult
prostitute entity
prostitute object
prostitute organism
prostitute person
prostitute woman
prostitute exchange
prostitute sell
prostitution activity
prostitution crime
prostitution entity
prostitution event
prostitution transgression
protection activity
protection entity
protection event
protein chemical
protein entity
protein material
protein molecule
protein part
protein relation
protein substance
protest entity
protest event
protest complain
protestant entity
protestant object
protestant organism
protestant person
protocol entity
proton entity
proton object
prototype cognition
prototype entity
prototype representation
protozoan entity
protozoan microorganism
protozoan object
protozoan organism
protractor artifact
protractor device
protractor entity
protractor instrument
protractor object
prove be
proverb entity
proverb saying
provincial entity
provincial object
provincial official
provincial organism
provincial person
provincial worker
provision entity
provision postulate
provision premise
provision proposition
provision statement
provision supply
proximity distance
proximity entity
proximity nearness
proximity placement
proximity relation
proxy entity
proxy negotiator
proxy object
proxy organism
proxy person
proxy representative
prudence entity
prudence morality
prudence quality
prudence trait
pruning entity
psalm act
psalm interact
pseudonym entity
pseudonym name
pseudonym part
pseudonym relation
pseudoscience cognition
pseudoscience entity
pseudoscience fallacy
pseudoscience idea
psoriasis condition
psoriasis disease
psoriasis entity
psoriasis illness
psychiatrist adult
psychiatrist doctor
psychiatrist entity
psychiatrist object
psychiatrist organism
psychiatrist person
psychiatrist professional
psychiatry cognition
psychiatry discipline
psychiatry entity
psychiatry medicine
psychiatry science
psychic entity
psychic object
psychic organism
psychic person
psychoanalysis activity
psychoanalysis care
psychoanalysis entity
psychoanalysis event
psychoanalysis therapy
psychoanalysis treatment
psychoanalysis work
psychologist entity
psychologist object
psychologist organism
psychologist person
psychologist scientist
psychology cognition
psychology discipline
psychology entity
psychology science
psychosis condition
psychosis entity
psychotherapy cognition
psychotherapy discipline
psychotherapy entity
psychotherapy medicine
psychotherapy psychiatry
psychotherapy science
psychotic entity
psychotic object
psychotic organism
psychotic person
psychotic unfortunate
puberty entity
publication artifact
publication entity
publication object
publicist entity
publicist object
publicist organism
publicist person
publicize act
publicize inform
publicize interact
publisher business
publisher entity
publisher firm
publisher group
publisher organization
puck belief
puck cognition
puck entity
puck fairy
pudding entity
pudding food
puddle artifact
puddle entity
puddle object
puddle travel
puddle wade
puddle walk
pueblo entity
pueblo object
pueblo organism
pueblo person
puff entity
puff gust
puff phenomenon
puff weather
puff wind
puff smoke
puffin animal
puffin bird
puffin entity
puffin object
puffin organism
puffin seabird
puffin vertebrate
pull entity
pull event
pulley artifact
pulley device
pulley entity
pulley object
pullover artifact
pullover clothing
pullover commodity
pullover entity
pullover garment
pullover object
pullover sweater
pulp entity
pulp object
pulp remove
pumice entity
pumice material
pumice part
pumice relation
pumice substance
pumice rub
pump artifact
pump device
pump entity
pump object
pump touch
pumpkin entity
pumpkin object
pumpkin organism
pumpkin squash
pumpkin vine
pun entity
pun wit
pun act
pun interact
pun joke
punch action
punch blow
punch entity
punch event
punch touch
punctuality entity
punctuality timing
punctuation entity
punctuation event
punctuation happening
puncture entity
puncture event
puncture happening
puncture misfortune
puncture enter
puncture penetrate
punishment entity
punishment event
pup animal
pup entity
pup object
pup organism
pup young
puppet artifact
puppet entity
puppet object
puppeteer entertainer
puppeteer entity
puppeteer object
puppeteer organism
puppeteer performer
puppeteer person
puppetry cognition
puppetry entity
puppy animal
puppy carnivore
puppy dog
puppy entity
puppy mammal
puppy object
puppy organism
puppy pup
puppy vertebrate
puppy young
purchase acquisition
purchase entity
purchase event
puree entity
puree food
puree rub
purgatory condition
purgatory entity
purification action
purification cleaning
purification entity
purification event
purify change
purity condition
purity entity
purple color
purple entity
purpose cognition
purpose entity
purpose goal
purse change
pursuit action
pursuit entity
pursuit event
pus entity
push entity
push event
pussycat entity
pussycat object
pussycat organism
pussycat person
puzzle entity
puzzle subject
pygmy entity
pygmy object
pygmy organism
pygmy person
pyramid entity
pyramid get
pyramid profit
python animal
python entity
python object
python organism
python reptile
python snake
python vertebrate
quadrilateral entity
quadrilateral polygon
quail entity
quail meat
quail solid
qualification entity
qualification fitness
qualification quality
qualification suitability
qualifier contestant
qualifier entity
qualifier object
qualifier organism
qualifier person
qualify equal
qualify match
qualify satisfy
qualify suffice
quality entity
quantum cognition
quantum concept
quantum entity
quantum idea
quarantine entity
quarantine isolation
quarantine separation
quarantine distinguish
quarantine identify
quarantine isolate
quark entity
quark object
quarrel dispute
quarrel entity
quarrel event
quarrel act
quarrel converse
quarrel interact
quarrel talk
quarry use
quarrying commerce
quarrying entity
quarrying event
quarrying transaction
quarryman entity
quarryman object
quarryman organism
quarryman person
quarryman worker
quart entity
quarter shelter
quarter supply
quarterfinal contest
quarterfinal entity
quarterfinal event
quarterly artifact
quarterly entity
quarterly object
quarterly periodical
quarterly publication
quartermaster entity
quartermaster object
quartermaster organism
quartermaster person
quartermaster serviceman
quartermaster worker
queen animal
queen entity
queen insect
queen invertebrate
queen object
queen organism
queen use
quest desire
quest seek
question entity
question event
question communicate
question request
questionnaire document
questionnaire entity
queue entity
queue formation
queue group
quick entity
quicksand condition
quicksand entity
quietness entity
quill artifact
quill entity
quill implement
quill object
quill pen
quilt artifact
quilt entity
quilt object
quilt connect
quiver shake
quiver tremble
quiz communication
quiz entity
quiz event
quiz act
quiz address
quiz interact
quota entity
quote act
quote inform
quote interact
quote repeat
quotient entity
quotient ratio
quotient relation
rabbi entity
rabbi leader
rabbi object
rabbi organism
rabbi person
rabbit animal
rabbit entity
rabbit mammal
rabbit object
rabbit organism
rabbit vertebrate
rabbit get
rabbit hunt
rabies condition
rabies disease
rabies entity
rabies illness
raccoon entity
raccoon fur
raccoon material
raccoon part
raccoon relation
raccoon substance
race contest
race entity
race event
racer driver
racer entity
racetrack artifact
racetrack entity
racetrack facility
racetrack object
racing activity
racing diversion
racing entity
racing event
racing sport
racism attitude
racism bias
racism cognition
racism entity
racism inclination
racist advocate
racist entity
racist object
racist organism
racist partisan
racist person
rack artifact
rack entity
rack object
rack structure
racket entity
racket event
racket happening
racket noise
radar artifact
radar device
radar entity
radar instrument
radar object
radial artifact
radial entity
radial object
radial tire
radiance energy
radiance entity
radiance light
radiance phenomenon
radiance radiation
radiation energy
radiation entity
radiation phenomenon
radiator entity
radiator object
radicalism attitude
radicalism cognition
radicalism entity
radio artifact
radio entity
radio medium
radio object
radio telecommunication
radio act
radio interact
radiocarbon carbon
radiocarbon entity
radiocarbon part
radiocarbon relation
radiocarbon substance
radiology cognition
radiology discipline
radiology entity
radiology science
radiometer artifact
radiometer device
radiometer entity
radiometer instrument
radiometer object
radish entity
radish produce
radish solid
radish vegetable
radium entity
radium part
radium relation
radium substance
radius dimension
radius entity
radius length
radius magnitude
radon entity
radon part
radon relation
radon substance
raft artifact
raft entity
raft object
raft transport
rag artifact
rag entity
rag fabric
rag object
rag piece
ragamuffin child
ragamuffin entity
ragamuffin juvenile
ragamuffin object
ragamuffin organism
ragamuffin person
ragtime entity
ragtime music
raid attack
rail complain
railway business
railway entity
railway group
railway organization
rain entity
rain phenomenon
rain weather
rainbow curve
rainbow entity
raincoat artifact
raincoat clothing
raincoat coat
raincoat commodity
raincoat entity
raincoat garment
raincoat object
raindrop entity
rainstorm entity
rainstorm phenomenon
rainstorm rain
rainstorm storm
rainstorm weather
raise entity
raise magnitude
raise change
rake entity
rake object
rake organism
rake person
rally entity
rally gathering
rally group
ram push
ram thrust
rambler entity
rambler object
rambler organism
rambler pedestrian
rambler person
rambler traveler
ramp artifact
ramp device
ramp entity
ramp object
rampage action
rampage entity
rampage event
rampage act
ranch entity
ranch farm
ranch location
ranch object
ranch workplace
ranch farm
ranching commerce
ranching entity
ranching event
ranching farming
ranching transaction
range be
rank entity
rank formation
rank group
rank line
rank be
ranking entity
ranking standing
ranking status
ransom cost
ransom entity
ransom relation
ransom exchange
rap strike
rap touch
rape entity
rape herb
rape mustard
rape object
rape organism
rapid entity
rapid waterway
rapper entertainer
rapper entity
rapper musician
rapper object
rapper organism
rapper performer
rapper person
rapper singer
rapport entity
rapport relation
rarity entity
rarity magnitude
rarity scarcity
rash cognition
rash entity
rash evidence
rash symptom
rat animal
rat entity
rat mammal
rat object
rat organism
rat rodent
rat vertebrate
rat defect
rat flee
rat leave
rat scat
rate entity
rate relation
ratification entity
ratification event
ratio entity
ratio relation
ration entity
ration food
ration change
rationale cognition
rationale entity
rationale thinking
rationalism belief
rationalism cognition
rationalism doctrine
rationalism entity
rationalization cognition
rationalization entity
rationalization thinking
rationing entity
rationing event
rattle entity
rattle event
rattle happening
rattle noise
rave entity
rave event
rave party
ravel arrange
ravel put
raven animal
raven bird
raven entity
raven object
raven organism
raven vertebrate
ravine entity
ravine object
ravine valley
raw condition
raw entity
raw nakedness
rayon artifact
rayon entity
rayon fabric
rayon object
razor artifact
razor entity
razor implement
razor object
razor tool
razor change
razor shave
react act
reactant chemical
reactant entity
reactant material
reactant part
reactant relation
reactant substance
reactionary adult
reactionary conservative
reactionary entity
reactionary object
reactionary organism
reactionary person
reactivate change
reactor artifact
reactor device
reactor entity
reactor object
read artifact
read entity
read object
read publication
read interpret
read understand
readability comprehensibility
readability entity
readability intelligibility
readability quality
reader entity
reader intellectual
reader object
reader organism
reader person
reader scholar
readership entity
readership group
readiness entity
reading cognition
reading entity
readjustment adjustment
readjustment change
readjustment entity
readjustment event
readjustment happening
readjustment improvement
readjustment transformation
readout entity
readout signal
ready entity
ready readiness
realism entity
realism practicality
realism quality
realist entity
realist intellectual
realist object
realist organism
realist person
realist philosopher
realist scholar
realization cognition
realization entity
realization knowing
realization understanding
reap gather
rear entity
rear formation
rear group
rearrange arrange
rearrange put
rearrangement activity
rearrangement creation
rearrangement entity
rearrangement event
reason entity
reason motivation
reasoning cognition
reasoning entity
reasoning thinking
rebate cost
rebate entity
rebate payment
rebate refund
rebate relation
rebate change
rebate reduce
rebel advocate
rebel confederate
rebel entity
rebel inhabitant
rebel object
rebel organism
rebel person
rebel serviceman
rebel soldier
rebel supporter
rebel worker
rebel refute
rebel reject
rebellion entity
rebellion event
rebroadcast broadcast
rebroadcast entity
rebroadcast message
rebuild construct
rebuke criticism
rebuke entity
rebuttal entity
rebuttal event
rebuttal refutation
recall entity
recall event
recapture entity
recapture event
recapture feel
receivables assets
receivables entity
receivables relation
receive get
receiver artifact
receiver entity
receiver equipment
receiver object
receptacle artifact
receptacle container
receptacle entity
receptacle object
reception entity
reception greeting
receptionist assistant
receptionist entity
receptionist object
receptionist organism
receptionist person
receptionist worker
receptor entity
recess put
recession condition
recession entity
recharge change
recharge fill
recipe entity
recipient entity
recipient object
recipient organism
recipient person
reciprocal entity
reciprocal relation
reciprocate act
reciprocation entity
reciprocation event
recitation entity
reclaim get
reclamation action
reclamation entity
reclamation event
reclamation repair
reclining action
reclining entity
reclining event
recognition entity
recognition situation
recombination combining
recombination entity
recombination event
recombination happening
recommend declare
recommend propose
recommend state
recommendation advice
recommendation entity
recommendation proposal
reconciliation cooperation
reconciliation entity
reconciliation event
reconnaissance activity
reconnaissance entity
reconnaissance event
reconsider think
reconstruct expect
reconstruct speculate
reconvert change
record entity
record indication
record have
recorder artifact
recorder entity
recorder equipment
recorder object
recording entity
recording signal
recount activity
recount entity
recount event
recount work
recourse activity
recourse entity
recourse event
recover get
recovery change
recovery entity
recovery event
recovery happening
recovery improvement
recovery transformation
recruit entity
recruit object
recruit organism
recruit person
recruit serviceman
recruit worker
recruitment accomplishment
recruitment action
recruitment entity
recruitment event
rectangle entity
rectangle parallelogram
rectangle polygon
rectangle quadrilateral
rectification entity
rectification processing
rectification refining
rectifier artifact
rectifier device
rectifier entity
rectifier object
rectify determine
rectum entity
recur happen
recurrence entity
recurrence event
recurrence happening
recurrence repeat
recycle cycle
recycling activity
recycling entity
recycling event
recycling use
red color
red entity
redact editor
redact entity
redact object
redact organism
redact person
redact worker
redemption entity
redemption event
redemption rescue
redhead entity
redhead object
redhead organism
redhead person
redirect send
rediscovery discovery
rediscovery entity
rediscovery event
redistribution entity
redistribution event
reduce change
redwood entity
redwood material
redwood part
redwood relation
redwood substance
redwood wood
reed entity
reed herb
reed object
reed organism
reef entity
reef object
reef ridge
reef lower
reel artifact
reel entity
reel equipment
reel object
reelection election
reelection entity
reelection event
reenactment acting
reenactment activity
reenactment cognition
reenactment discipline
reenactment entity
reenactment event
referee entity
referee object
referee organism
referee person
referee change
referee judge
reference write
referendum entity
referendum event
referral entity
referral object
referral organism
referral person
refill drug
refill entity
refinery artifact
refinery entity
refinery object
refinery plant
refinery structure
refining entity
refining processing
refit arming
refit entity
refit event
refit mobilization
refit equip
refit supply
reflect act
reflect inform
reflect interact
reflex entity
reform action
reform entity
reform event
reform change
reformation condition
reformation entity
reformatory artifact
reformatory entity
reformatory object
reformatory structure
reformer entity
reformer object
reformer organism
reformer person
refraction entity
refraction phenomenon
refrain entity
refrain music
refrigeration cooling
refrigeration entity
refuel fuel
refuel supply
refugee entity
refugee exile
refugee object
refugee organism
refugee person
refugee traveler
refund cost
refund entity
refund payment
refund relation
refund pay
refusal denial
refusal entity
refusal event
refuse act
refuse react
refutation entity
refutation event
refute reject
regency duration
regency entity
regeneration entity
reggae entity
reggae music
regimen cognition
regimen entity
regimen idea
regimen plan
regiment entity
regiment group
regiment organization
regiment control
regimentation enforcement
regimentation entity
regimentation event
regimentation imposition
region entity
region location
region object
regionalism entity
register entity
register indication
register record
register have
register record
registrant entity
registrant object
registrant organism
registrant person
registrar employee
registrar entity
registrar object
registrar organism
registrar person
registrar worker
registration action
registration entity
registration event
regress cognition
regress entity
regress reasoning
regress thinking
regular consumer
regular customer
regular entity
regular object
regular organism
regular patron
regular person
regular user
regularity entity
regularity symmetry
regularization condition
regularization entity
regulate adjust
regulate change
regulation entity
regulator artifact
regulator device
regulator entity
regulator object
rehabilitation action
rehabilitation entity
rehabilitation event
rehabilitation repair
rehearsal activity
rehearsal entity
rehearsal event
rehearsal training
reign entity
reign control
reimburse pay
reimburse refund
reimbursement compensation
reimbursement cost
reimbursement entity
reimbursement payment
reimbursement relation
reincarnation embodiment
reincarnation entity
reincarnation object
reincarnation organism
reincarnation personification
reincarnation person
reinforce change
reinforce strengthen
reinterpretation cognition
reinterpretation entity
reinterpretation interpretation
reinterpretation representation
reintroduction entity
reintroduction event
reissue artifact
reissue entity
reissue object
reissue publication
rejection entity
rejection event
rejoice feel
rejoicing entity
rejoicing feeling
rejoin join
rejuvenation entity
rejuvenation phenomenon
rekindle ignite
relatedness connection
relatedness entity
relatedness relation
relation entity
relationship entity
relationship relation
relative entity
relative object
relative organism
relative person
relativism belief
relativism cognition
relativism doctrine
relativism entity
relativity cognition
relativity entity
relativity theory
relativity thinking
relaxation entity
relay action
relay delivery
relay entity
relay event
relay communicate
release artifact
release commodity
release entity
release merchandise
release object
relentlessness entity
relentlessness quality
relevance connection
relevance entity
relevance relation
reliance certainty
reliance condition
reliance entity
relic artifact
relic entity
relic object
relief entity
relief feeling
relief pleasure
relieve change
religion belief
religion cognition
religion entity
religion morality
religion quality
religious entity
religious object
religious organism
religious person
relinquishment entity
relinquishment event
relive experience
relive undergo
reluctance entity
reluctance phenomenon
remainder entity
remainder part
remainder relation
remainder exchange
remainder sell
remains entity
remains object
remake artifact
remake entity
remake object
remark entity
remark statement
remembrance cognition
remembrance entity
remembrance faculty
reminder entity
reminiscence cognition
reminiscence entity
reminiscence memory
reminiscence representation
remittance cost
remittance entity
remittance payment
remittance relation
remount animal
remount entity
remount horse
remount mammal
remount object
remount organism
remount vertebrate
removal action
removal entity
removal event
remove distance
remove entity
remove placement
remove relation
rename designate
rename label
rename name
rend tear
render artifact
render entity
render mixture
render object
render part
render plaster
render relation
render stucco
render substance
render change
rendezvous entity
rendezvous event
rendition entity
rendition event
rendition performance
renovation action
renovation entity
renovation event
rent cost
rent entity
rent payment
rent relation
rent contract
rent declare
rent promise
rent state
reorganization administration
reorganization entity
reorganization event
reorganization management
reorganize control
rep congressman
rep entity
rep leader
rep legislator
rep object
rep organism
rep person
rep politician
repair action
repair entity
repair event
repair change
reparation compensation
reparation cost
reparation entity
reparation payment
reparation relation
repeat entity
repeat event
repeat happening
repeat act
repeat inform
repeat interact
repeater entity
repeater object
repeater organism
repeater person
repel push
repentance entity
repentance feeling
repentance sadness
repercussion consequence
repercussion entity
repercussion phenomenon
replacement action
replacement entity
replacement event
replenish change
replenish fill
replica artifact
replica entity
replica object
report document
report entity
report act
report inform
report interact
reporter entity
reporter object
reporter organism
reporter person
repose use
repossession entity
repossession event
represent equal
representation cognition
representation entity
representative entity
representative negotiator
representative object
representative organism
representative person
repression entity
repression subjugation
reprimand comment
reprimand note
reprimand state
reprint reproduce
reprisal entity
reprisal event
reprisal retaliation
reproach criticism
reproach entity
reproach rebuke
reproach accuse
reproduction entity
reptile animal
reptile entity
reptile object
reptile organism
reptile vertebrate
republican entity
republican leader
republican object
republican organism
republican person
republicanism attitude
republicanism cognition
republicanism entity
repulsion entity
repulsion phenomenon
repute entity
repute standing
repute status
request entity
request communicate
requirement duty
requirement entity
requirement event
requisition demand
requisition entity
requisition request
requisition communicate
requisition order
requisition request
rerun entity
rerun event
rerun act
rerun inform
rerun interact
rerun publicize
resale commerce
resale entity
resale event
resale selling
resale transaction
rescue entity
rescue event
research activity
research entity
research event
research work
research analyze
research investigate
resemblance entity
resemblance likeness
resemblance quality
resemblance sameness
resemblance similarity
resemble equal
resemble match
resent dislike
resentment emotion
resentment entity
resentment feeling
resentment hate
reservation district
reservation entity
reservation location
reservation object
reserve have
reserve withhold
reservoir entity
reservoir supply
reset artifact
reset device
reset entity
reset object
reset choose
reset decide
resettlement action
resettlement entity
resettlement event
reside populate
residence entity
residence location
residence object
residency entity
residency event
resident entity
resident inhabitant
resident object
resident organism
resident person
residue entity
resignation entity
resignation feeling
resilience elasticity
resilience entity
resin chemical
resin entity
resin material
resin part
resin relation
resin substance
resistance action
resistance entity
resistance event
resoluteness entity
resoluteness trait
resolution document
resolution entity
resonance entity
resonance phenomenon
resort artifact
resort building
resort entity
resort hotel
resort object
resort structure
resource assets
resource entity
resource relation
resourcefulness asset
resourcefulness entity
resourcefulness quality
respect cognition
respect detail
respect entity
respect fact
respect think
respectability entity
respectability honorableness
respectability morality
respectability quality
respectability righteousness
respiration entity
respondent defendant
respondent entity
respondent object
respondent organism
respondent person
response consequence
response entity
response phenomenon
responsiveness cognition
responsiveness entity
responsiveness faculty
responsiveness sensitivity
rest be
restaurant artifact
restaurant building
restaurant entity
restaurant object
restaurant structure
restfulness entity
restfulness trait
restlessness entity
restlessness mobility
restlessness quality
restrain forget
restraint activity
restraint entity
restraint event
restrict change
restriction cognition
restriction concept
restriction entity
restriction idea
restriction rule
restrictiveness entity
restrictiveness relation
result be
result prove
resultant entity
resume keep
resurrect awaken
resurrect change
resuscitation change
resuscitation entity
resuscitation event
resuscitation happening
resuscitation improvement
resuscitation revival
resuscitation transformation
retail commerce
retail entity
retail event
retail selling
retail transaction
retail be
retailer businessperson
retailer distributor
retailer entity
retailer merchant
retailer object
retailer organism
retailer person
retailer supplier
retailing commerce
retailing entity
retailing event
retailing selling
retailing transaction
retain include
retake activity
retake entity
retake event
retake photography
retaliation entity
retaliation event
retention activity
retention entity
retention event
retention possession
retina entity
retina tissue
retiree entity
retiree object
retiree organism
retiree person
retirement entity
retirement status
retraction denial
retraction entity
retraction event
retread artifact
retread entity
retread object
retread tire
retreat departure
retreat entity
retreat event
retrieval entity
retrieval processing
retriever animal
retriever carnivore
retriever dog
retriever entity
retriever mammal
retriever object
retriever organism
retriever vertebrate
retro cognition
retro entity
retro vogue
retrograde travel
retrospective collection
retrospective entity
retrospective group
return travel
reunion entity
reunion gathering
reunion group
revel activity
revel diversion
revel entity
revel event
revel merrymaking
revenge punish
reverence respect
reverence think
reversal action
reversal entity
reversal event
reverse entity
reverse relation
reversible artifact
reversible clothing
reversible commodity
reversible entity
reversible garment
reversible object
reversion assets
reversion entity
reversion relation
reversion share
review analyze
reviewer entity
reviewer expert
reviewer object
reviewer organism
reviewer person
revise act
revise interact
revise rewrite
revision action
revision entity
revision event
revival change
revival entity
revival event
revival happening
revival improvement
revival transformation
revoke entity
revoke event
revoke mistake
revoke compete
revoke play
revolt rebel
revolt refute
revolt reject
revolution change
revolution entity
revolution event
revolution happening
revolutionist entity
revolutionist object
revolutionist organism
revolutionist person
revolutionize change
revolver artifact
revolver device
revolver entity
revolver gun
revolver instrument
revolver object
revolver pistol
revolver weapon
rework change
rewrite entity
rewrite act
rewrite interact
rhapsody entity
rhapsody poem
rhetoric entity
rheumatism condition
rheumatism disease
rheumatism entity
rheumatism illness
rhinoceros animal
rhinoceros entity
rhinoceros mammal
rhinoceros object
rhinoceros organism
rhinoceros vertebrate
rhyme entity
rhythm entity
rib artifact
rib device
rib entity
rib object
rib knit
ribbon entity
ribbon object
rice entity
rice food
ricotta cheese
ricotta entity
ricotta food
ricotta solid
riddle entity
riddle subject
riddle enter
riddle penetrate
ride travel
rider entity
rider object
rider organism
rider person
rider traveler
ridge entity
ridge object
ridicule entity
ridicule act
ridicule interact
ridicule mock
ridicule treat
riding activity
riding diversion
riding entity
riding event
riding sport
riff entity
riff object
riff organism
riff person
rifle artifact
rifle device
rifle entity
rifle gun
rifle instrument
rifle object
rifle weapon
rifleman entity
rifleman expert
rifleman marksman
rifleman object
rifleman organism
rifleman person
rift entity
rift location
rift object
rift opening
rig artifact
rig entity
rig equipment
rig object
rig act
rig deceive
rig interact
rig treat
rig wrong
rigging artifact
rigging entity
rigging equipment
rigging object
right abstraction
right cognition
right concept
right entity
right idea
right change
righteousness entity
righteousness morality
righteousness quality
rightness entity
rightness morality
rightness quality
rigidity entity
rim entity
rim lie
rim line
rind entity
rind material
rind part
rind relation
rind substance
ring entity
ring sound
rink artifact
rink building
rink entity
rink object
rink structure
rinse dye
rinse entity
rinse material
rinse part
rinse relation
rinse substance
rinse change
rinse clean
riot action
riot entity
riot event
riot violence
riot act
riot rampage
ripen change
ripper criminal
ripper entity
ripper killer
ripper murderer
ripper object
ripper organism
ripper person
ripple entity
ripple event
ripple happening
ripple wave
ripple flow
rise beginning
rise emergence
rise entity
rise event
rise happening
rise travel
risk act
risk try
risotto entity
risotto food
rite activity
rite entity
rite event
ritual activity
ritual continuance
ritual custom
ritual entity
ritual event
ritual practice
rival contestant
rival entity
rival object
rival organism
rival person
river entity
river stream
riverbank bank
riverbank entity
riverbank object
riverbank slope
riverbed entity
riverbed object
road artifact
road entity
road object
roadway artifact
roadway entity
roadway object
roadway road
roast entity
roast meat
roast solid
rob steal
robber criminal
robber entity
robber object
robber organism
robber person
robber thief
robbery activity
robbery crime
robbery entity
robbery event
robbery felony
robbery transgression
robe artifact
robe clothing
robe commodity
robe entity
robe garment
robe object
robin animal
robin bird
robin entity
robin object
robin organism
robin vertebrate
robotics cognition
robotics discipline
robotics entity
rock entity
rock object
rocker assistant
rocker attendant
rocker entity
rocker object
rocker organism
rocker person
rocker worker
rocket artifact
rocket entity
rocket object
rocket vehicle
rocket rise
rocket travel
rod artifact
rod entity
rod implement
rod object
rodent animal
rodent entity
rodent mammal
rodent object
rodent organism
rodent vertebrate
rodeo activity
rodeo diversion
rodeo entertainment
rodeo entity
rodeo event
rodeo exhibition
rodeo show
rogue entity
rogue object
rogue organism
rogue person
rogue villain
roll turn
rollback activity
rollback entity
rollback event
roller entity
roller event
rollover action
rollover entity
rollover event
roman entity
roman inhabitant
roman object
roman organism
roman person
romantic entity
romantic idealist
romantic object
romantic organism
romantic person
romantic visionary
romanticism entity
romanticism quality
roof artifact
roof entity
roof object
roof cover
roofing artifact
roofing entity
roofing equipment
roofing object
rooftop boundary
rooftop entity
rooftop location
rooftop object
rooftop region
room artifact
room entity
room object
room structure
roost artifact
roost entity
roost object
root entity
root object
root increase
rope artifact
rope entity
rope object
rosary collection
rosary entity
rosary group
rose entity
rose object
rose organism
rose shrub
rosemary entity
rosemary herb
rosemary object
rosemary organism
rosette adornment
rosette artifact
rosette decoration
rosette entity
rosette object
rosewood entity
rosewood material
rosewood part
rosewood relation
rosewood substance
rosewood wood
rotation action
rotation entity
rotation event
rotor artifact
rotor device
rotor entity
rotor object
rotor reactor
rotunda artifact
rotunda building
rotunda entity
rotunda object
rotunda structure
rouge artifact
rouge cosmetic
rouge entity
rouge makeup
rouge object
rouge change
rough entity
rough location
rough object
rough site
rough tract
roughage entity
roughage food
roughness entity
roughness texture
round ammunition
round artifact
round entity
round object
round weaponry
round travel
rounding entity
rounding event
rounding mistake
roundness entity
roundness tone
route dispatch
router entity
router object
router organism
router person
router worker
routine activity
routine entity
routine event
routine procedure
row entity
row formation
row group
row line
row boat
row travel
rowing activity
rowing diversion
rowing entity
rowing event
rowing sport
royal artifact
royal entity
royal fabric
royal object
royal piece
royal sail
royalty cost
royalty entity
royalty payment
royalty relation
rubber entity
rubber latex
rubber material
rubber part
rubber relation
rubber substance
rubbish entity
rubbish material
rubbish part
rubbish relation
rubbish substance
rubbish waste
rubbish comment
rubbish note
rubbish state
rubric entity
rubric change
rubric color
ruby adornment
ruby artifact
ruby decoration
ruby entity
ruby jewel
ruby jewelry
ruby object
rudder artifact
rudder device
rudder entity
rudder object
rue entity
rue herb
rue object
rue organism
rug artifact
rug entity
rug object
rugby activity
rugby diversion
rugby entity
rugby event
rugby football
rugby game
rugby sport
ruin condition
ruin deterioration
ruin devastation
ruin entity
rule cognition
rule concept
rule entity
rule idea
ruler entity
ruler object
ruler organism
ruler person
rum alcohol
rum beverage
rum drug
rum entity
rum fluid
rum food
rum liquid
rum liquor
rum part
rum relation
rum substance
rumba entity
rumba music
rumble entity
rumble event
rumble happening
rumble noise
rumor entity
rumor event
rumor act
rumor interact
rumor talk
run accomplishment
run action
run attainment
run entity
run event
run travel
rung artifact
rung device
rung entity
rung object
rupture condition
rupture entity
rupture injury
ruse action
ruse decision
ruse entity
ruse event
ruse move
rush travel
rust chemical
rust entity
rust material
rust oxide
rust part
rust relation
rust substance
rustic commoner
rustic entity
rustic object
rustic organism
rustic person
rut entity
rut groove
rut be
rye entity
rye fruit
rye object
rye seed
sabbath entity
sabbatical entity
sabbatical leave
saber artifact
saber device
saber entity
saber instrument
saber object
saber sword
saber weapon
sable artifact
sable entity
sable implement
sable object
sabotage action
sabotage destruction
sabotage entity
sabotage event
sabotage act
sabotage disobey
sabotage react
sabotage refuse
sachet artifact
sachet bag
sachet container
sachet entity
sachet object
sack artifact
sack bag
sack container
sack entity
sack object
sackcloth artifact
sackcloth clothing
sackcloth commodity
sackcloth entity
sackcloth garment
sackcloth object
sacking artifact
sacking entity
sacking fabric
sacking object
sacrament activity
sacrament entity
sacrament event
saddle artifact
saddle device
saddle entity
saddle object
saddle attach
saddle connect
sadism entity
sadism feeling
sadism pleasure
sadness entity
sadness feeling
sadomasochism entity
sadomasochism feeling
sadomasochism pleasure
sadomasochism sadism
safe artifact
safe box
safe container
safe entity
safe object
safeguard protect
safeness entity
safeness quality
safety condition
safety entity
safflower entity
safflower herb
safflower object
safflower organism
saffron entity
saffron object
saffron organism
sag entity
sag sink
saga entity
saga fiction
sage entity
sage intellectual
sage mentor
sage object
sage organism
sage person
sagebrush entity
sagebrush object
sagebrush organism
sagebrush shrub
sail artifact
sail entity
sail fabric
sail object
sail piece
sail travel
sailboat artifact
sailboat entity
sailboat object
sailboat vehicle
sailor entity
sailor object
sailor organism
sailor person
sailor worker
saint belief
saint cognition
saint deity
saint entity
sake entity
sake quality
salad entity
salad food
salamander animal
salamander entity
salamander object
salamander organism
salamander vertebrate
salami entity
salami meat
salami sausage
salami solid
sale commerce
sale entity
sale event
sale selling
sale transaction
salesman employee
salesman entity
salesman object
salesman organism
salesman person
salesman worker
salient entity
saliva entity
saliva part
saliva relation
saliva substance
salivation entity
salivation secretion
salmon animal
salmon entity
salmon fish
salmon object
salmon organism
salmon vertebrate
salon artifact
salon entity
salon object
salon room
salon structure
salsa condiment
salsa entity
salsa food
salt chemical
salt entity
salt material
salt part
salt relation
salt substance
salt season
saltiness entity
salute entity
salvage artifact
salvage commodity
salvage entity
salvage object
salvage property
salvage relation
salvage rescue
sameness entity
sameness quality
sample cognition
sample entity
sample example
sampling action
sampling entity
sampling event
samurai entity
samurai object
samurai organism
samurai person
samurai warrior
sanctification activity
sanctification entity
sanctification event
sanction entity
sanctuary entity
sanctuary location
sanctuary object
sand entity
sand material
sand part
sand relation
sand substance
sandal artifact
sandal entity
sandal object
sandal shoe
sandalwood entity
sandalwood material
sandalwood part
sandalwood relation
sandalwood substance
sandalwood wood
sandbank entity
sandbank object
sandbank ridge
sandbox artifact
sandbox container
sandbox entity
sandbox object
sandman belief
sandman cognition
sandman elf
sandman entity
sandman fairy
sandstone entity
sandstone material
sandstone part
sandstone relation
sandstone substance
sandwich entity
sandwich food
sandwich cause
sanitation condition
sanitation entity
sanity condition
sanity entity
sap entity
sap mixture
sap part
sap relation
sap solution
sap substance
sapling entity
sapling object
sapling organism
sapling tree
sapphire crystal
sapphire entity
sapphire material
sapphire mineral
sapphire part
sapphire relation
sapphire solid
sapphire substance
sarcasm entity
sarcasm wit
sarcophagus artifact
sarcophagus box
sarcophagus coffin
sarcophagus container
sarcophagus entity
sarcophagus object
sarong artifact
sarong clothing
sarong commodity
sarong entity
sarong garment
sarong object
sash artifact
sash entity
sash object
sash structure
satellite artifact
satellite entity
satellite equipment
satellite object
satellite act
satellite inform
satellite interact
satellite publicize
satin artifact
satin entity
satin fabric
satin object
satisfaction contentment
satisfaction entity
satisfaction feeling
satisfy equal
satisfy match
saturate change
sauce condiment
sauce entity
sauce food
sauna artifact
sauna entity
sauna object
sauna room
sauna structure
sausage entity
sausage meat
sausage solid
savage entity
savage object
savage organism
savage person
savage primitive
savanna entity
savanna grassland
savanna group
savanna location
savanna object
savanna tract
save entity
save event
save prevention
savings entity
savings fund
savings money
savings standard
saw cut
sawmill artifact
sawmill device
sawmill entity
sawmill implement
sawmill machine
sawmill object
sawmill tool
say being
say entity
say opportunity
saying entity
scab entity
scab object
scab organism
scab person
scab worker
scabies condition
scabies entity
scabies infection
scaffold artifact
scaffold entity
scaffold object
scaffold platform
scaffold surface
scaffolding artifact
scaffolding entity
scaffolding object
scaffolding system
scalability entity
scalability quality
scald condition
scald entity
scald injury
scale entity
scale standard
scale be
scallop curve
scallop entity
scallop change
scallop decorate
scalp covering
scalp entity
scalp object
scalp skin
scalp tissue
scalp exchange
scalp sell
scam activity
scam crime
scam entity
scam event
scam fraud
scam swindle
scam transgression
scamp perform
scan activity
scan entity
scan event
scan examination
scan work
scandal entity
scandal event
scanner entity
scanner expert
scanner object
scanner organism
scanner person
scanner reviewer
scanning entity
scapula bone
scapula entity
scapula tissue
scar cognition
scar entity
scar evidence
scar symptom
scar change
scar damage
scar deface
scarcity entity
scarcity magnitude
scarlet color
scarlet entity
scarlet red
scat activity
scat cognition
scat discipline
scat diversion
scat entertainment
scat entity
scat event
scat music
scat show
scat singing
scat leave
scatter entity
scatter placement
scatter relation
scattering entity
scavenge change
scavenge clean
scenario entity
scenario script
scene area
scene entity
scene location
scene object
scenery artifact
scenery entity
scenery object
schematic artifact
schematic diagram
schematic entity
schematic object
scheme cognition
scheme entity
scheme idea
scheme plan
scheme plot
schizophrenia condition
schizophrenia entity
schizophrenia psychosis
schizophrenic entity
schizophrenic object
schizophrenic organism
schizophrenic person
schizophrenic psychotic
schizophrenic unfortunate
scholar entity
scholar intellectual
scholar object
scholar organism
scholar person
scholarship entity
scholarship gift
scholarship prize
scholarship relation
school entity
school group
school institution
school organization
school change
school educate
schoolboy entity
schoolboy juvenile
schoolboy object
schoolboy organism
schoolboy person
schoolgirl entity
schoolgirl object
schoolgirl organism
schoolgirl person
schooling activity
schooling entity
schooling event
schooling occupation
schooling teaching
schoolmate entity
schoolmate object
schoolmate organism
schoolmate person
schoolteacher adult
schoolteacher educator
schoolteacher entity
schoolteacher object
schoolteacher organism
schoolteacher person
schoolteacher professional
schoolteacher teacher
schooner artifact
schooner container
schooner entity
schooner object
science cognition
science discipline
science entity
scientist entity
scientist object
scientist organism
scientist person
scion descendant
scion entity
scion object
scion organism
scion person
scion relative
scissors artifact
scissors entity
scissors implement
scissors lever
scissors object
scissors tool
sclerosis condition
sclerosis entity
scold entity
scold object
scold organism
scold person
scoliosis abnormality
scoliosis condition
scoliosis entity
scoop entity
scoop remove
scope entity
scope magnitude
scorch condition
scorch entity
scorch injury
scorer contestant
scorer entity
scorer object
scorer organism
scorer person
scorer player
scour entity
scour location
scour object
scour search
scourge artifact
scourge device
scourge entity
scourge instrument
scourge object
scourge whip
scourge punish
scout watch
scouting activity
scouting entity
scouting event
scouting reconnaissance
scramble activity
scramble attempt
scramble entity
scramble event
scramble struggle
scramble travel
scrapbook artifact
scrapbook entity
scrapbook object
scrape entity
scrape event
scrape happening
scrape noise
scrape rub
scream cry
scream entity
scream utterance
screen artifact
screen entity
screen object
screen surface
screening entity
screenplay entity
screenplay script
screenwriter entity
screenwriter object
screenwriter organism
screenwriter person
screenwriter scriptwriter
screenwriter writer
scribe cut
scribe notch
scriber artifact
scriber awl
scriber entity
scriber implement
scriber object
scriber tool
script entity
script write
scriptwriter entity
scriptwriter object
scriptwriter organism
scriptwriter person
scriptwriter writer
scrotum entity
scrub collection
scrub entity
scrub group
scrub vegetation
scrub rub
scrubber entity
scrubber object
scrubber organism
scrubber person
scrubber worker
scruple entity
scruple act
sculptor artist
sculptor entity
sculptor object
sculptor organism
sculptor person
sculpture art
sculpture artifact
sculpture entity
sculpture object
scurvy condition
scurvy disease
scurvy entity
scurvy illness
scurvy malnutrition
scythe artifact
scythe entity
scythe implement
scythe object
scythe tool
scythe cut
scythe mow
sea entity
seabird animal
seabird bird
seabird entity
seabird object
seabird organism
seabird vertebrate
seafaring activity
seafaring entity
seafaring event
seafaring occupation
seafood entity
seafood solid
seal close
seam artifact
seam entity
seam object
seam connect
seamanship cognition
seamanship entity
seamanship skill
seaport entity
seaport location
seaport object
seaport port
search activity
search entity
search event
searchlight artifact
searchlight device
searchlight entity
searchlight object
seashell covering
seashell entity
seashell object
seashore entity
seashore object
seashore shore
seaside entity
seaside object
seaside seashore
seaside shore
season entity
seat area
seat entity
seat location
seat object
seat put
seating entity
seating relation
seaward entity
seaward relation
seawater chemical
seawater entity
seawater material
seawater part
seawater relation
seawater substance
seawater water
seaweed entity
seaweed microorganism
seaweed object
seaweed organism
secession entity
secession group
second entity
second support
secondary entity
secondary formation
secondary group
secrecy entity
secrecy trait
secret entity
secret information
secretariat entity
secretariat group
secretariat organization
secretary entity
secretary leader
secretary object
secretary organism
secretary person
secrete excrete
secrete exude
secretion entity
sect entity
sect group
sect institution
sect organization
sectarian advocate
sectarian entity
sectarian object
sectarian organism
sectarian partisan
sectarian person
section entity
section music
sectional artifact
sectional entity
sectional furniture
sectional object
sector entity
secularism belief
secularism cognition
secularism doctrine
secularism entity
security condition
security entity
security safety
sedan artifact
sedan car
sedan container
sedan entity
sedan object
sedan vehicle
sedate change
sedateness entity
sedateness trait
sedative drug
sedative entity
sediment entity
sediment put
seduction causing
seduction entity
seduction event
see area
see center
see entity
see location
see object
see perceive
seed entity
seed fruit
seed object
seeder entity
seeder object
seeder organism
seeder person
seedling entity
seedling object
seedling organism
seek entity
seek event
seek happening
seek desire
seeker entity
seeker object
seeker organism
seeker person
seepage entity
seepage event
seepage flow
seepage happening
segregate entity
segregate object
segregate organism
segregate person
segregate distinguish
segregate identify
segregation entity
seismograph artifact
seismograph device
seismograph entity
seismograph instrument
seismograph object
seismology cognition
seismology discipline
seismology entity
seismology geology
seismology geophysics
seismology science
seizing artifact
seizing entity
seizing object
seizing rope
seizure entity
seizure event
seizure happening
selectivity entity
self condition
self consciousness
self entity
selfishness entity
selfishness stinginess
selfishness trait
sell commerce
sell entity
sell event
sell selling
sell transaction
sell exchange
seller businessperson
seller entity
seller merchant
seller object
seller organism
seller person
selling commerce
selling entity
selling event
selling transaction
sellout activity
sellout entity
sellout event
semantics cognition
semantics discipline
semantics entity
semantics linguistics
semantics science
semblance appearance
semblance entity
semblance quality
semen entity
semen part
semen relation
semen substance
semester entity
semicolon entity
semicolon signal
semicolon symbol
semiconductor entity
semiconductor material
semiconductor part
semiconductor relation
semiconductor substance
semifinal contest
semifinal entity
semifinal event
semifinalist contestant
semifinalist entity
semifinalist object
semifinalist organism
semifinalist person
semifinalist rival
seminar conference
seminar entity
seminar gathering
seminar group
seminar meeting
seminarian entity
seminarian object
seminarian organism
seminarian person
seminarian student
seminary entity
seminary group
seminary institution
seminary organization
seminary school
senate entity
senate gathering
senate group
senate legislature
senator entity
senator leader
senator legislator
senator object
senator organism
senator person
senator politician
sender entity
sender object
sender organism
sender person
sending causing
sending entity
sending event
senior entity
senior object
senior organism
senior person
senior student
senior undergraduate
seniority entity
seniority status
sensation cognition
sensation entity
sense awareness
sense cognition
sense entity
sense knowing
sensibility condition
sensibility consciousness
sensibility entity
sensitivity cognition
sensitivity entity
sensitivity faculty
sensuousness entity
sensuousness feeling
sent entity
sentence entity
sentence group
sentence language
sentence sequence
sentence series
sentence declare
sentence state
sentiment entity
sentiment feeling
separation entity
separatist advocate
separatist entity
separatist object
separatist organism
separatist person
septum entity
sequel entity
sequel event
sequel happening
sequence entity
sequence group
sequence series
sequence rate
serenade perform
serendipity entity
serendipity phenomenon
serf entity
serf object
serf organism
serf person
serf slave
sergeant entity
sergeant object
sergeant organism
sergeant person
sergeant serviceman
sergeant worker
serial entity
serial event
serialization commerce
serialization entity
serialization event
serialization transaction
series entity
series group
sermon entity
sermon event
serum entity
serum part
serum relation
serum substance
servant entity
servant object
servant organism
servant person
servant worker
serve action
serve entity
serve event
serve stroke
serve equal
serve match
serve satisfy
serve suffice
service activity
service entity
service event
service work
service function
serviceability entity
serviceability quality
serviceman entity
serviceman object
serviceman organism
serviceman person
serviceman worker
servitude entity
servitude subjugation
sesame entity
sesame herb
sesame object
sesame organism
session entity
set collection
set entity
set group
setting entity
setting location
setting object
settle artifact
settle bench
settle entity
settle furniture
settle object
settle put
settler entity
settler migrant
settler object
settler organism
settler person
settler traveler
settling descent
settling entity
settling event
settling happening
settling sinking
seven digit
seven entity
seven integer
seventeen entity
seventeen integer
seventeenth entity
seventeenth status
seventh entity
seventh status
seventieth entity
seventieth status
seventy entity
seventy integer
sew attach
sew connect
sew fasten
sewage entity
sewage material
sewage part
sewage relation
sewage substance
sewage waste
sewer artifact
sewer conduit
sewer entity
sewer object
sewer tube
sewing activity
sewing creation
sewing entity
sewing event
sewing occupation
sextant entity
shackle artifact
shackle device
shackle entity
shackle object
shade dark
shade entity
shadow dark
shadow entity
shadow shade
shadow follow
shadow travel
shaft entity
shaft indication
shaft equip
shaft supply
shaker entity
shaker object
shaker organism
shaker person
shaking action
shaking entity
shaking event
shallot bulb
shallot entity
shallot object
shallow change
shaman entity
shaman leader
shaman object
shaman organism
shaman person
shame entity
shame feeling
shamelessness boldness
shamelessness courage
shamelessness entity
shamelessness trait
shampoo chemical
shampoo entity
shampoo formulation
shampoo material
shampoo part
shampoo relation
shampoo substance
shampoo change
shampoo cleanse
shanghai kidnap
shank entity
shank meat
shank solid
shank hit
shape entity
shaping entity
shard entity
shard object
shard piece
share assets
share entity
share relation
share coincide
share exist
share overlap
sharecropper employee
sharecropper entity
sharecropper laborer
sharecropper object
sharecropper organism
sharecropper person
sharecropper worker
sharecropper workman
shark animal
shark entity
shark fish
shark object
shark organism
shark vertebrate
shark act
shark deceive
shark interact
shark treat
shark wrong
sharp entity
sharp notation
sharpen change
shave action
shave cleaning
shave entity
shave event
shave change
shawl artifact
shawl clothing
shawl commodity
shawl entity
shawl garment
shawl object
shear change
shear entity
shear event
shear happening
shear change
shear reduce
sheath artifact
sheath entity
sheath object
shed artifact
shed building
shed entity
shed object
shed structure
shed remove
shedding entity
sheep animal
sheep entity
sheep mammal
sheep object
sheep organism
sheep vertebrate
sheet entity
sheet location
sheet object
sheet rain
shelf artifact
shelf device
shelf entity
shelf object
shell ammunition
shell artifact
shell entity
shell object
shell weaponry
shellfish entity
shellfish seafood
shellfish solid
shelter artifact
shelter entity
shelter object
shelter structure
shelter supply
shepherd clergyman
shepherd entity
shepherd leader
shepherd object
shepherd organism
shepherd person
shepherd protect
sheriff defender
sheriff entity
sheriff object
sheriff organism
sheriff person
sherry alcohol
sherry beverage
sherry drug
sherry entity
sherry fluid
sherry food
sherry liquid
sherry part
sherry relation
sherry substance
sherry wine
shield artifact
shield entity
shield object
shield protect
shift entity
shift event
shift happening
shin entity
shindig entity
shindig gathering
shindig group
shingle artifact
shingle entity
shingle object
shingle cover
shingle roof
shining activity
shining entity
shining event
shining work
ship artifact
ship entity
ship object
ship vehicle
shipbuilding activity
shipbuilding construction
shipbuilding creation
shipbuilding entity
shipbuilding event
shipwreck artifact
shipwreck entity
shipwreck object
shipwreck ship
shipwreck vehicle
shipwreck prevent
shipyard entity
shipyard location
shipyard object
shipyard workplace
shirt artifact
shirt clothing
shirt commodity
shirt entity
shirt garment
shirt object
shock surprise
shocker entity
shocker object
shocker organism
shocker person
shoddy entity
shoddy fiber
shoddy material
shoddy part
shoddy relation
shoddy substance
shoe artifact
shoe entity
shoe object
shoelace artifact
shoelace cord
shoelace entity
shoelace lace
shoelace object
shogun entity
shogun inhabitant
shogun object
shogun organism
shogun person
shogun ruler
shoot entity
shoot object
shoot sprout
shoot change
shoot injure
shooting entity
shooting event
shop artifact
shop entity
shop object
shop structure
shop get
shop obtain
shopper consumer
shopper customer
shopper entity
shopper object
shopper organism
shopper person
shopper user
shopping acquisition
shopping entity
shopping event
shopping purchase
shore entity
shore object
shore include
shoreline boundary
shoreline entity
shoreline location
shoreline object
shoreline region
short entity
short location
short object
short tract
shortcut artifact
shortcut entity
shortcut object
shortcut road
shorten change
shorten reduce
shortening chemical
shortening entity
shortening fat
shortening lipid
shortening material
shortening molecule
shortening part
shortening relation
shortening substance
shortness dimension
shortness entity
shortness length
shortness magnitude
shotgun artifact
shotgun device
shotgun entity
shotgun gun
shotgun instrument
shotgun object
shotgun weapon
shoulder entity
shout act
shout interact
shove entity
shove event
shove push
shovel artifact
shovel entity
shovel implement
shovel object
shovel tool
shovel dig
shovel remove
show activity
show diversion
show entertainment
show entity
show event
showcase entity
showcase environment
showcase situation
shower artifact
shower entity
shower fixture
shower object
showmanship cognition
showmanship entity
showmanship skill
showroom artifact
showroom entity
showroom object
showroom structure
shred entity
shred tear
shrew entity
shrew object
shrew organism
shrew person
shrimp seize
shrine artifact
shrine building
shrine entity
shrine object
shrine structure
shrinking change
shrinking decrease
shrinking entity
shrinking event
shrinking happening
shroud artifact
shroud entity
shroud object
shroud cover
shroud envelop
shrub entity
shrub object
shrub organism
shrubbery area
shrubbery entity
shrubbery location
shrubbery object
shuck remove
shuffle activity
shuffle creation
shuffle entity
shuffle event
shuffle rearrangement
shuffle travel
shuffle walk
shun avoid
shush forget
shush restrain
shush suppress
shutter artifact
shutter device
shutter entity
shutter object
shutter close
shuttle travel
shy entity
shy event
shy throw
shyness emotion
shyness entity
shyness fear
shyness feeling
shyness timidity
sibling entity
sibling object
sibling organism
sibling person
sibling relative
sick entity
sick group
sick people
sickle artifact
sickle entity
sickle implement
sickle object
sickle tool
side entity
side location
side object
side region
sideline entity
sideline indication
sideline demote
siding artifact
siding entity
siding object
siege blockade
siege entity
siege event
sieve artifact
sieve device
sieve entity
sieve filter
sieve object
sieve strainer
sight cognition
sight entity
sight representation
sighting activity
sighting entity
sighting event
sightseeing activity
sightseeing entity
sightseeing event
sightseer entity
sightseer object
sightseer organism
sightseer person
sightseer tourist
sightseer traveler
sigma entity
sigma signal
sigma symbol
sign entity
sign indication
sign act
sign interact
signal entity
signature entity
signature name
signature part
signature relation
significance entity
significance importance
significance quality
silence condition
silence entity
silhouette boundary
silhouette entity
silhouette location
silhouette object
silhouette outline
silhouette region
silica chemical
silica entity
silica material
silica oxide
silica part
silica relation
silica substance
silicon entity
silicon material
silicon part
silicon relation
silicon semiconductor
silicon substance
silicone chemical
silicone entity
silicone material
silicone part
silicone polymer
silicone relation
silicone substance
silk artifact
silk entity
silk fabric
silk object
silkworm animal
silkworm caterpillar
silkworm entity
silkworm larva
silkworm object
silkworm organism
sill artifact
sill device
sill entity
sill object
silly child
silly entity
silly juvenile
silly object
silly organism
silly person
silo artifact
silo entity
silo object
silo structure
silo tower
silt entity
silt material
silt part
silt relation
silt substance
silver entity
silver material
silver part
silver relation
silver substance
silver coat
silver cover
silver plate
silversmith entity
silversmith maker
silversmith object
silversmith organism
silversmith person
similarity entity
similarity quality
similarity sameness
simile entity
simple entity
simple herb
simple object
simple organism
simpleton entity
simpleton object
simpleton organism
simpleton person
simplicity entity
simplicity quality
simplification entity
simplification explanation
simplification statement
simplify change
simulation activity
simulation entity
simulation event
simulator artifact
simulator device
simulator entity
simulator machine
simulator object
sin entity
sin immorality
sin quality
sin act
sin interact
sing act
sing interact
sing perform
singe change
singe damage
singer entertainer
singer entity
singer musician
singer object
singer organism
singer performer
singer person
singing activity
singing cognition
singing discipline
singing diversion
singing entertainment
singing entity
singing event
singing show
single accomplishment
single action
single entity
single event
single feat
single hit
singles activity
singles badminton
singles diversion
singles entity
singles event
singles game
singles sport
singular entity
singular form
singular part
singular relation
singular word
singularity entity
singularity individuality
singularity trait
sink artifact
sink entity
sink fixture
sink object
sinking descent
sinking entity
sinking event
sinking happening
sinner entity
sinner object
sinner organism
sinner person
sip consumption
sip entity
sip drink
siphon artifact
siphon conduit
siphon entity
siphon object
siphon tube
siphon remove
sir adult
sir entity
sir man
sir object
sir organism
sir person
siren belief
siren cognition
siren deity
siren entity
siren nymph
sissy coward
sissy entity
sissy object
sissy organism
sissy person
sister entity
sister object
sister organism
sister person
sister relative
site entity
site location
site object
site tract
sitting action
sitting entity
sitting event
situate determine
situation entity
six digit
six entity
six integer
sixteen entity
sixteen integer
sixteenth entity
sixteenth status
sixth entity
sixth status
sixties decade
sixties entity
sixty entity
sixty integer
size entity
size magnitude
size coat
size cover
skate artifact
skate entity
skate equipment
skate object
skate glide
skate travel
skateboard artifact
skateboard container
skateboard entity
skateboard object
skateboard vehicle
skateboard glide
skateboard skate
skateboard travel
skater athlete
skater contestant
skater entity
skater object
skater organism
skater person
skating activity
skating diversion
skating entity
skating event
skating sport
skeet entity
skeet event
skeet shooting
skeleton entity
skeleton minimum
skeptic entity
skeptic intellectual
skeptic object
skeptic organism
skeptic person
sketch artifact
sketch entity
sketch object
sketchbook artifact
sketchbook entity
sketchbook object
skewer artifact
skewer device
skewer entity
skewer object
skewer enter
skewer penetrate
ski artifact
ski device
ski entity
ski object
ski travel
skid artifact
skid entity
skid lumber
skid object
skid glide
skid travel
skiing activity
skiing diversion
skiing entity
skiing event
skiing sport
skill cognition
skill entity
skillfulness entity
skim covering
skim entity
skim object
skimmer entity
skimmer literate
skimmer object
skimmer organism
skimmer person
skin covering
skin entity
skin object
skin tissue
skinny entity
skinny information
skip action
skip entity
skip event
skip walk
skipper entity
skipper object
skipper organism
skipper person
skipper student
skipper work
skirt artifact
skirt entity
skirt object
skit acting
skit activity
skit cognition
skit discipline
skit entity
skit event
skull bone
skull entity
skull tissue
sky entity
skylark animal
skylark bird
skylark entity
skylark object
skylark organism
skylark vertebrate
skylight artifact
skylight entity
skylight object
skylight structure
skylight window
skyline boundary
skyline entity
skyline location
skyline object
skyline outline
skyline region
skyscraper artifact
skyscraper building
skyscraper entity
skyscraper object
skyscraper structure
slab artifact
slab block
slab entity
slab object
slack debris
slack entity
slack material
slack part
slack relation
slack rubbish
slack substance
slack waste
slack fiddle
slain dead
slain entity
slain group
slain people
slam entity
slam event
slam happening
slam success
slam victory
slam close
slander defamation
slander entity
slander event
slang entity
slang act
slang interact
slant attitude
slant cognition
slant entity
slant lie
slap entity
slap event
slap happening
slap impact
slap strike
slap touch
slapstick comedy
slapstick entity
slash cut
slat artifact
slat entity
slat lumber
slat object
slat supply
slate artifact
slate block
slate entity
slate object
slate slab
slate tablet
slaughter action
slaughter entity
slaughter event
slave entity
slave object
slave organism
slave person
slaveholder entity
slaveholder object
slaveholder organism
slaveholder person
slaver entity
slaver object
slaver organism
slaver person
sled artifact
sled entity
sled object
sled vehicle
sled travel
sledge transport
sleekness appearance
sleekness entity
sleekness quality
sleep condition
sleep entity
sleeper entity
sleeper object
sleeper organism
sleeper person
sleepiness entity
sleeping condition
sleeping entity
sleeping sleep
sleeve artifact
sleeve entity
sleeve object
sleuth entity
sleuth expert
sleuth object
sleuth organism
sleuth person
slice assets
slice entity
slice relation
slice share
slick change
slick polish
slide artifact
slide entity
slide object
slight dismiss
slight reject
slime change
slime dirty
slinging entity
slinging event
slinging throw
slingshot artifact
slingshot entity
slingshot object
slingshot plaything
slipknot artifact
slipknot device
slipknot entity
slipknot object
slippage entity
slipper artifact
slipper entity
slipper object
slit artifact
slit entity
slit object
slit cut
sliver divide
slop entity
slop feed
slop food
slope entity
slope object
slope bend
slope lean
slot entity
slot relation
slot schedule
sloth disposition
sloth entity
sloth trait
sloth unwillingness
slowdown entity
slowdown event
sludge entity
sludge precipitate
sludge solid
slug touch
slum district
slum entity
slum location
slum object
slum spend
slur entity
slur notation
slush chemical
slush entity
slush material
slush part
slush relation
slush substance
slush water
smack touch
small entity
smallness entity
smallness magnitude
smallness size
smallpox condition
smallpox disease
smallpox entity
smallpox illness
smart cognition
smart entity
smart evidence
smart pain
smart symptom
smash touch
smashing action
smashing entity
smashing event
smear defamation
smear entity
smear change
smear dirty
smell cognition
smell entity
smell sensation
smell perceive
smelt entity
smelt solid
smile entity
smile act
smile interact
smog condition
smog entity
smog pollution
smoke aerosol
smoke cloud
smoke entity
smoke phenomenon
smoker consumer
smoker entity
smoker object
smoker organism
smoker person
smoker user
smooth accomplishment
smooth action
smooth entity
smooth event
smoothness entity
smoothness texture
smudge entity
smudge event
smudge fire
smudge happening
smuggling commerce
smuggling entity
smuggling event
smuggling transaction
smut change
snag bulge
snag entity
snag attach
snag connect
snag hitch
snail animal
snail entity
snail invertebrate
snail object
snail organism
snail gather
snake animal
snake entity
snake object
snake organism
snake reptile
snake vertebrate
snake glide
snake travel
snap act
snap interact
snapshot artifact
snapshot entity
snapshot object
snapshot photograph
snatch artifact
snatch entity
snatch object
snatch seize
sneak entity
sneak object
sneak organism
sneak person
sneak travel
sneak walk
sneer entity
sneer act
sneer convey
sneer express
sneer impart
sneer inform
sneer interact
snicker entity
snicker laugh
snicker utterance
snicker laugh
sniff activity
sniff entity
sniff event
sniff perceive
sniff smell
snip entity
snip object
snip piece
snipe animal
snipe bird
snipe entity
snipe object
snipe organism
snipe vertebrate
snipe get
snipe hunt
snoop entity
snoop object
snoop organism
snoop person
snoop spectator
snore entity
snore event
snore happening
snore noise
snore breathe
snout entity
snout nose
snout organ
snow entity
snow phenomenon
snow weather
snowball entity
snowball object
snowball organism
snowball wildflower
snowball increase
snowboard artifact
snowboard entity
snowboard object
snowboard glide
snowboard travel
snowflake crystal
snowflake entity
snowflake solid
snowman artifact
snowman entity
snowman object
snuff carbon
snuff entity
snuff part
snuff relation
snuff substance
snuff perceive
snuff smell
snuffbox artifact
snuffbox box
snuffbox container
snuffbox entity
snuffbox object
soak entity
soak enter
soak immerse
soak penetrate
soap chemical
soap entity
soap formulation
soap material
soap part
soap relation
soap substance
soap change
soap cleanse
soapsuds bubble
soapsuds entity
soapsuds foam
soar action
soar entity
soar event
soar rise
soar travel
sober change
soccer activity
soccer diversion
soccer entity
soccer event
soccer football
soccer game
soccer sport
sociability entity
sociability sociality
sociability trait
sociable entity
sociable gathering
sociable group
socialism attitude
socialism cognition
socialism entity
socialist entity
socialist leader
socialist object
socialist organism
socialist person
socialite adult
socialite entity
socialite object
socialite organism
socialite person
sociality entity
sociality trait
socialization entity
socialization event
socialize act
socialize interact
society entity
society group
sociologist entity
sociologist object
sociologist organism
sociologist person
sociologist scientist
sociology cognition
sociology discipline
sociology entity
sociology science
sock artifact
sock clothing
sock commodity
sock entity
sock footwear
sock object
sock touch
socket entity
sod cover
sodium entity
sodium part
sodium relation
sodium substance
sodomy entity
sofa artifact
sofa entity
sofa furniture
sofa object
softball artifact
softball ball
softball entity
softball equipment
softball object
soften change
softening entity
softness consistency
softness entity
software entity
soldier entity
soldier object
soldier organism
soldier person
soldier serviceman
soldier worker
soldier spend
sole bottom
sole boundary
sole entity
sole location
sole object
sole region
sole change
sole repair
solicitation entity
solicitation event
solid entity
solidarity entity
solidarity quality
solidity consistency
solidity entity
solitaire adornment
solitaire artifact
solitaire decoration
solitaire entity
solitaire jewel
solitaire jewelry
solitaire object
solitude entity
solitude isolation
solitude separation
solo activity
solo entity
solo event
solo touch
soloist entertainer
soloist entity
soloist musician
soloist object
soloist organism
soloist performer
soloist person
solstice entity
solubility entity
solution entity
solution mixture
solution part
solution relation
solution substance
solve understand
solvent entity
solvent part
solvent relation
solvent substance
somewhere entity
somewhere location
somewhere object
son entity
son object
son offspring
son organism
son person
son relative
sonar artifact
sonar device
sonar entity
sonar instrument
sonar object
sonata entity
sonata music
song entity
song music
songbird animal
songbird bird
songbird entity
songbird object
songbird organism
songbird vertebrate
songwriter artist
songwriter composer
songwriter entity
songwriter object
songwriter organism
songwriter person
sonnet entity
sonnet poem
sonnet praise
soot coat
soot cover
sorcerer entity
sorcerer object
sorcerer organism
sorcerer person
sorcery belief
sorcery cognition
sorcery entity
sorcery magic
sore condition
sore entity
sore infection
sorority association
sorority entity
sorority group
sorority organization
sorrow entity
sorrow feeling
sorrow sadness
soul entity
soul spirit
sound entity
sound be
sounding depth
sounding entity
sounding magnitude
soundness condition
soundness entity
soundtrack artifact
soundtrack device
soundtrack entity
soundtrack object
soup entity
soup food
soup drug
sour alcohol
sour beverage
sour cocktail
sour drug
sour entity
sour fluid
sour food
sour liquid
sour part
sour relation
sour substance
source get
source obtain
sourdough entity
southeast entity
southeast relation
southwest entity
southwest relation
southwestern entity
southwestern language
sovereign entity
sovereign negotiator
sovereign object
sovereign organism
sovereign person
sovereign representative
sovereign ruler
sovereignty autonomy
sovereignty entity
sovereignty freedom
sovereignty independence
soviet council
soviet entity
soviet group
soviet organization
sow animal
sow entity
sow mammal
sow object
sow organism
sow swine
sow vertebrate
sow put
soy entity
soy fruit
soy object
soy seed
space entity
space put
spacecraft artifact
spacecraft entity
spacecraft equipment
spacecraft object
spacecraft satellite
spacecraft vehicle
spaceflight action
spaceflight entity
spaceflight event
spaceflight journey
spaceflight travel
spacing entity
spacing rate
spacing relation
spade card
spade entity
spade material
spade paper
spade part
spade relation
spade substance
spade dig
spade remove
spaghetti entity
spaghetti food
spaghetti pasta
span duration
span entity
spaniel animal
spaniel carnivore
spaniel dog
spaniel entity
spaniel mammal
spaniel object
spaniel organism
spaniel vertebrate
spank action
spank blow
spank entity
spank event
spanking entity
spanking event
spanking punishment
spar entity
spar material
spar mineral
spar part
spar relation
spar substance
spar equip
spar supply
spare refrain
sparkle appearance
sparkle entity
sparkle expression
sparkle quality
sparkle trait
sparkle vitality
sparrow animal
sparrow bird
sparrow entity
sparrow object
sparrow organism
sparrow vertebrate
spartan entity
spartan inhabitant
spartan object
spartan organism
spartan person
spasm cognition
spasm entity
spasm evidence
spasm symptom
spatter entity
spatter event
spatter happening
spatter noise
spatter spread
spatula artifact
spatula entity
spatula implement
spatula object
spatula utensil
spawn egg
spawn entity
spawn object
spawn ovum
speaker entity
speaker object
speaker organism
speaker person
speaking entity
speaking utterance
spear artifact
spear device
spear entity
spear instrument
spear object
spear weapon
spear enter
spear penetrate
spearhead entity
spearhead leader
spearhead object
spearhead organism
spearhead person
spearhead control
special entity
specialism cognition
specialism entity
specialism faculty
specialist entity
specialist expert
specialist object
specialist organism
specialist person
specialization action
specialization entity
specialization event
species entity
species group
specification description
specification entity
specification statement
specificity entity
specificity particularity
specificity quality
specimen cognition
specimen entity
specimen example
speck artifact
speck decoration
speck entity
speck object
speck change
spectacle entity
spectacles artifact
spectacles device
spectacles entity
spectacles instrument
spectacles object
spectacular entity
spectacular event
spectacular performance
spectator entity
spectator object
spectator organism
spectator person
spectroscope artifact
spectroscope device
spectroscope entity
spectroscope instrument
spectroscope object
spectrum array
spectrum entity
spectrum group
speculate expect
speculator entity
speculator intellectual
speculator object
speculator organism
speculator person
speed entity
speed rate
speed relation
spelling entity
spelling orthography
spending commerce
spending entity
spending event
spending transaction
sperm entity
sperm object
sphere entity
sphere environment
sphere situation
spheroid entity
sphincter entity
sphincter muscle
sphincter organ
sphinx entity
sphinx object
sphinx organism
sphinx person
spice chemical
spice entity
spice material
spice part
spice preservative
spice relation
spice substance
spice change
spider animal
spider entity
spider invertebrate
spider object
spider organism
spike discharge
spike entity
spike event
spike happening
spike expel
spill entity
spillage entity
spin entity
spin event
spin happening
spin revolve
spinach entity
spinach herb
spinach object
spinach organism
spindle entity
spindle fiber
spindle material
spindle part
spindle relation
spindle substance
spinning activity
spinning creation
spinning entity
spinning event
spinning occupation
spiral curve
spiral entity
spirit entity
spirit change
spiritual entity
spiritual music
spiritual song
spiritualism belief
spiritualism cognition
spiritualism doctrine
spiritualism entity
spit cape
spit entity
spit object
spitfire entity
spitfire object
spitfire organism
spitfire person
splash entity
splash event
splash happening
splash noise
spleen entity
spleen tissue
splice artifact
splice entity
splice object
splice connect
splint entity
splint fragment
splint paring
splinter entity
splinter fragment
split accomplishment
split action
split entity
split event
split feat
split stunt
splitter entity
splitter object
splitter organism
splitter person
splitter worker
spoil entity
spoil relation
spoilage entity
spoiler campaigner
spoiler entity
spoiler leader
spoiler object
spoiler organism
spoiler person
spoke artifact
spoke device
spoke entity
spoke object
spokesman advocate
spokesman entity
spokesman object
spokesman organism
spokesman person
spokesman spokesperson
spokesperson advocate
spokesperson entity
spokesperson object
spokesperson organism
spokesperson person
sponge entity
sponge material
sponge part
sponge relation
sponge substance
sponge rub
sponge wipe
sponsorship activity
sponsorship entity
sponsorship event
spontaneity entity
spontaneity quality
spoof imitate
spoof reproduce
spoon artifact
spoon container
spoon entity
spoon object
spoon ware
spoon remove
spore entity
spore object
sport activity
sport diversion
sport entity
sport event
sportsmanship entity
sportsmanship fairness
sportsmanship justice
sportsmanship morality
sportsmanship quality
sportsmanship righteousness
spotter employee
spotter entity
spotter object
spotter organism
spotter person
spotter worker
spouse entity
spouse object
spouse organism
spouse person
spouse relative
spout artifact
spout entity
spout object
sprain condition
sprain entity
sprain injury
sprain wrench
sprawl sit
spray chemical
spray entity
spray material
spray part
spray pesticide
spray relation
spray substance
spray spread
spread entity
spread event
spread happening
spreader artifact
spreader entity
spreader implement
spreader object
spreader tool
spreadsheet entity
spreadsheet software
spree action
spree entity
spree event
spring entity
sprinkler artifact
sprinkler device
sprinkler entity
sprinkler object
sprint run
sprint travel
sprinter athlete
sprinter contestant
sprinter entity
sprinter object
sprinter organism
sprinter person
sprocket cylinder
sprocket entity
sprout entity
sprout object
spruce entity
spruce material
spruce part
spruce relation
spruce substance
spruce wood
spud cut
spur promote
spur support
spy entity
spy negotiator
spy object
spy organism
spy person
spy representative
squad entity
squad group
squad organization
squadron entity
squadron group
squadron organization
squall entity
squall phenomenon
squall weather
squall wind
squall howl
square entity
square parallelogram
square polygon
square quadrilateral
square rectangle
square change
squash entity
squash object
squash organism
squash vine
squash press
squash touch
squatter entity
squatter migrant
squatter object
squatter organism
squatter person
squatter settler
squatter traveler
squeegee artifact
squeegee entity
squeegee implement
squeegee object
squeegee rub
squeegee wipe
squeeze entity
squeeze event
squeeze push
squid entity
squid seafood
squid solid
squint act
squint interact
squinter entity
squinter object
squinter organism
squinter person
squire assistant
squire attendant
squire entity
squire object
squire organism
squire person
squire worker
squire escort
squire travel
squirrel animal
squirrel entity
squirrel mammal
squirrel object
squirrel organism
squirrel rodent
squirrel vertebrate
stability entity
stability immovability
stability quality
stabilization entity
stabilization event
stabilize change
stabilizer chemical
stabilizer entity
stabilizer material
stabilizer part
stabilizer relation
stabilizer substance
stable artifact
stable building
stable entity
stable object
stable structure
stable shelter
stable supply
stack collection
stack entity
stack group
stack pile
stack change
stack fill
stack load
stadium artifact
stadium entity
stadium object
stadium structure
staff entity
staff group
staff organization
stagger travel
stagger walk
stagnation entity
stagnation inaction
stain appearance
stain entity
stain quality
stain dye
staining action
staining dyeing
staining entity
staining event
stairs artifact
stairs entity
stairs object
stairs stairway
stairway artifact
stairway entity
stairway object
stale excrete
stalk travel
stalk walk
stall artifact
stall entity
stall object
stall room
stall structure
stallion animal
stallion entity
stallion horse
stallion male
stallion mammal
stallion object
stallion organism
stallion vertebrate
stamen entity
stamen object
stamina endurance
stamina entity
stamina strength
stampede entity
stampede event
stance entity
stand be
stand rest
standard entity
standardization condition
standardization entity
standardize decide
standby artifact
standby entity
standby object
standing entity
standing status
stanza entity
stanza text
staple attach
staple connect
staple fasten
star entity
star object
starboard artifact
starboard entity
starboard object
starboard surface
starboard control
starboard steer
starch carbohydrate
starch chemical
starch entity
starch material
starch molecule
starch part
starch relation
starch substance
starch change
stardust entity
stardust quality
stare activity
stare entity
stare event
starfish animal
starfish entity
starfish invertebrate
starfish object
starfish organism
start beginning
start entity
start event
start happening
starter artifact
starter device
starter entity
starter machine
starter motor
starter object
startup action
startup entity
startup event
starvation condition
starvation entity
starvation hunger
starve be
state district
state entity
state location
state object
statement entity
statesman entity
statesman leader
statesman object
statesman organism
statesman person
static entity
static event
static happening
statics cognition
statics discipline
statics entity
statics mechanics
statics physics
statics science
station artifact
station entity
station facility
station object
statistic cognition
statistic entity
statistician entity
statistician mathematician
statistician object
statistician organism
statistician person
statistician scientist
statistics cognition
statistics discipline
statistics entity
statistics mathematics
statistics science
statue art
statue artifact
statue entity
statue object
statue sculpture
stature entity
stature esteem
stature standing
stature status
status entity
stay entity
stay event
stay be
steadiness entity
steadiness resoluteness
steadiness trait
steak entity
steak meat
steak solid
stealth activity
stealth entity
stealth event
steam entity
steam mixture
steam part
steam relation
steam substance
steam suspension
steam vapor
steamer travel
steel alloy
steel entity
steel mixture
steel part
steel relation
steel substance
steel brace
steel change
steelyard artifact
steelyard device
steelyard entity
steelyard instrument
steelyard object
steep entity
steep object
steep slope
steeple artifact
steeple entity
steeple object
steeple structure
steeple tower
steer control
step travel
stepfather adult
stepfather ancestor
stepfather entity
stepfather man
stepfather object
stepfather organism
stepfather parent
stepfather person
stepfather relative
stereo artifact
stereo entity
stereo equipment
stereo object
stereo system
stereotype cognition
stereotype entity
stereotype representation
sterilization activity
sterilization entity
sterilization event
sterilization procedure
sterilize change
sterilize clean
sterling currency
sterling entity
sterling standard
stern artifact
stern entity
stern object
stern surface
sternum bone
sternum entity
sternum tissue
steroid chemical
steroid entity
steroid material
steroid part
steroid relation
steroid substance
steward entity
steward object
steward organism
steward person
stewardship activity
stewardship entity
stewardship event
stewardship occupation
stick artifact
stick entity
stick implement
stick object
stiff adult
stiff entity
stiff man
stiff object
stiff organism
stiff person
stiffness entity
stifle entity
stifle joint
stigma entity
stigma object
stigmatization entity
stigmatization event
stiletto artifact
stiletto dagger
stiletto device
stiletto entity
stiletto instrument
stiletto object
stiletto weapon
still artifact
still entity
still object
still photograph
stimulate affect
stimulate change
stimulation action
stimulation arousal
stimulation entity
stimulation event
sting cognition
sting entity
sting evidence
sting pain
sting symptom
stinger alcohol
stinger beverage
stinger cocktail
stinger drug
stinger entity
stinger fluid
stinger food
stinger liquid
stinger part
stinger relation
stinger substance
stinginess entity
stinginess trait
stink be
stipend cost
stipend entity
stipend payment
stipend relation
stipulate contract
stipulate declare
stipulate promise
stipulate state
stipulation entity
stipulation event
stir entity
stirring action
stirring entity
stirring event
stirrup artifact
stirrup device
stirrup entity
stirrup object
stitch artifact
stitch entity
stitch object
stock assets
stock capital
stock entity
stock relation
stock have
stockholder entity
stockholder investor
stockholder object
stockholder organism
stockholder person
stocking artifact
stocking clothing
stocking commodity
stocking entity
stocking footwear
stocking object
stocks artifact
stocks entity
stocks object
stocks structure
stockyard artifact
stockyard enclosure
stockyard entity
stockyard object
stockyard structure
stoicism entity
stoicism trait
stole artifact
stole clothing
stole commodity
stole entity
stole garment
stole object
stomach entity
stomach organ
stomach affect
stomach change
stomach digest
stomach process
stomp activity
stomp cognition
stomp dancing
stomp discipline
stomp diversion
stomp entity
stomp event
stomp travel
stomp walk
stone kill
stoner attacker
stoner entity
stoner object
stoner organism
stoner person
stoneware artifact
stoneware entity
stoneware implement
stoneware object
stoneware utensil
stoning entity
stoning event
stoning punishment
stooge travel
stool artifact
stool entity
stool furniture
stool object
stool communicate
stool request
stop entity
stop event
stop happening
stopper change
stopper plug
stopper repair
storage activity
storage entity
storage event
storage possession
storage retention
store have
storehouse artifact
storehouse depository
storehouse entity
storehouse facility
storehouse object
stork animal
stork bird
stork entity
stork object
stork organism
stork vertebrate
storm entity
storm phenomenon
storybook artifact
storybook book
storybook entity
storybook object
storybook publication
storyline entity
storyline fiction
stout alcohol
stout ale
stout beer
stout beverage
stout brew
stout drug
stout entity
stout fluid
stout food
stout liquid
stout part
stout relation
stout substance
stove artifact
stove commodity
stove entity
stove object
straggle entity
straggle group
straggler entity
straggler object
straggler organism
straggler person
straightaway entity
straightaway object
straightness entity
straightness shape
strain change
strain entity
strain event
strain happening
strainer artifact
strainer device
strainer entity
strainer filter
strainer object
strait entity
straitjacket cognition
straitjacket entity
straitjacket hindrance
strand cognition
strand entity
stranger entity
stranger intruder
stranger object
stranger organism
stranger person
stranger traveler
stranglehold entity
stranglehold power
stranglehold quality
strap artifact
strap entity
strap implement
strap object
strap attach
strap connect
strap fasten
strap tie
strategist entity
strategist object
strategist organism
strategist person
strategist planner
stratosphere entity
stratosphere location
stratosphere object
stratosphere region
stratus entity
stratus phenomenon
straw entity
straw fiber
straw material
straw part
straw relation
straw substance
straw cover
strawberry berry
strawberry entity
strawberry fruit
strawberry object
strawberry produce
strawberry solid
stray animal
stray entity
stray object
stray organism
streak entity
streak group
streak series
stream entity
stream float
stream travel
street artifact
street entity
street object
street road
street thoroughfare
streetcar artifact
streetcar container
streetcar entity
streetcar object
streetcar vehicle
streetlight artifact
streetlight device
streetlight entity
streetlight lamp
streetlight object
streetwalker adult
streetwalker entity
streetwalker object
streetwalker organism
streetwalker person
streetwalker prostitute
streetwalker woman
strength entity
strengthen change
strengthening change
strengthening entity
strengthening event
strengthening happening
strengthening transformation
stress entity
stress act
stress convey
stress express
stress impart
stress inform
stress interact
stretch entity
stretch location
stretch object
stretcher artifact
stretcher entity
stretcher object
stretcher structure
strictness entity
strictness trait
stride travel
stride walk
strider entity
strider object
strider organism
strider pedestrian
strider person
strider traveler
strike entity
strike event
strike touch
strikeout entity
strikeout event
strikeout failure
strikeout out
striker athlete
striker contestant
striker entity
striker object
striker organism
striker person
string artifact
string cord
string entity
string object
string arrange
string put
stringency condition
stringency entity
stringency lack
stringency need
strip entity
stripe change
striving activity
striving attempt
striving entity
striving event
stroke action
stroke entity
stroke event
stroke touch
stroll travel
stroll walk
stronghold artifact
stronghold entity
stronghold object
stronghold structure
structure artifact
structure entity
structure object
structure arrange
structure put
strudel entity
strudel solid
struggle activity
struggle attempt
struggle entity
struggle event
struggler entity
struggler object
struggler organism
struggler person
strum entity
strum event
strum happening
stub entity
stub object
stubbornness entity
stubbornness trait
stucco artifact
stucco entity
stucco mixture
stucco object
stucco part
stucco plaster
stucco relation
stucco substance
stucco change
stucco decorate
stud adult
stud entity
stud man
stud object
stud organism
stud person
student entity
student object
student organism
student person
studentship activity
studentship entity
studentship event
studentship occupation
studio entity
studio location
studio object
studio workplace
stuff put
stuffing concoction
stuffing entity
stuffing food
stumble travel
stumble walk
stump entity
stump object
stump be
stun change
stun restrict
stunt accomplishment
stunt action
stunt entity
stunt event
stunt feat
stunt impede
stupid entity
stupid object
stupid organism
stupid person
stupid simpleton
stupidity cognition
stupidity entity
stupidity inability
sturdiness condition
sturdiness entity
style designate
style label
style name
stylist artist
stylist entity
stylist object
stylist organism
stylist person
stylus artifact
stylus device
stylus entity
stylus object
subclass entity
subclass group
subcontinent entity
subcontinent landmass
subcontinent object
subculture entity
subculture group
subdivision entity
subdivision location
subdivision object
subdivision tract
subgroup entity
subgroup group
subject entity
subject affect
subject change
subjugation entity
sublimation change
sublimation entity
sublimation event
sublimation happening
sublimation transformation
sublimity entity
sublimity honorableness
sublimity morality
sublimity quality
sublimity righteousness
submarine artifact
submarine entity
submarine object
submarine ship
submarine vehicle
submarine warship
submarine glide
submarine travel
submerge descend
submerge travel
submission entity
submit send
subordinate assistant
subordinate entity
subordinate object
subordinate organism
subordinate person
subordinate worker
subordinate rate
subordination dependence
subordination entity
subscriber advocate
subscriber entity
subscriber object
subscriber organism
subscriber person
subscriber supporter
subscript entity
subscript signal
subscript symbol
subscription cost
subscription entity
subscription payment
subscription relation
subsection entity
subsection object
subservience condition
subservience entity
subset entity
subside decrease
subsidy entity
subsidy gift
subsidy grant
subsidy relation
subsistence assets
subsistence entity
subsistence relation
subsistence resource
subsoil entity
subsoil material
subsoil part
subsoil relation
subsoil substance
subspecies entity
subspecies group
substance entity
substance part
substance relation
substantive entity
substantive part
substantive relation
substantive word
substation artifact
substation entity
substation facility
substation object
substation station
substitute cognition
substitute entity
substitute equivalent
substitute change
substitution change
substitution entity
substitution event
substitution happening
substitution variation
subsystem entity
subsystem group
subtitle entity
subtitle indication
subtitle record
subtitle translation
subtitle supply
subtotal cognition
subtotal concept
subtotal entity
subtotal idea
subtract calculate
subtraction activity
subtraction calculation
subtraction entity
subtraction event
subtraction procedure
subtropics entity
subtropics location
subtropics object
suburb district
suburb entity
suburb location
suburb object
success entity
success event
success happening
successor entity
successor object
successor organism
successor peer
successor person
succulence entity
succulent entity
succulent object
succulent organism
suck drink
sucking consumption
sucking entity
suction entity
suction phenomenon
suction pressure
suds change
suds clean
suede entity
suede leather
suede material
suede part
suede relation
suede substance
suffer experience
suffer undergo
suffice equal
suffice match
suffice satisfy
suffix affix
suffix ending
suffix entity
suffix part
suffix relation
suffix attach
suffix connect
suffocation action
suffocation entity
suffocation event
sugar entity
sugar food
sugar change
sugarcane entity
sugarcane object
suggestion cognition
suggestion entity
suggestion idea
suicide action
suicide entity
suicide event
suit artifact
suit clothing
suit commodity
suit entity
suit garment
suit object
suit equal
suit match
suitability entity
suitability quality
suite entity
suite music
suiting artifact
suiting entity
suiting fabric
suiting object
suitor entity
suitor lover
suitor object
suitor organism
suitor person
sulfate chemical
sulfate entity
sulfate material
sulfate part
sulfate relation
sulfate salt
sulfate substance
sulfate change
sulfide chemical
sulfide entity
sulfide material
sulfide part
sulfide relation
sulfide substance
sulfur entity
sulfur part
sulfur relation
sulfur substance
sulky artifact
sulky container
sulky entity
sulky object
sulky vehicle
sultan entity
sultan object
sultan organism
sultan person
sultan ruler
sum assets
sum entity
sum relation
summary entity
summary statement
summation entity
summation statement
summation summary
summer entity
summer spend
summit reach
summon communicate
summon order
summon request
sumo activity
sumo diversion
sumo entity
sumo event
sumo occupation
sumo sport
sunflower entity
sunflower flower
sunflower object
sunflower organism
sung dynasty
sung entity
sung genealogy
sung group
sung lineage
sunlight energy
sunlight entity
sunlight light
sunlight phenomenon
sunlight radiation
sunroof artifact
sunroof entity
sunroof object
sunroof roof
sunscreen artifact
sunscreen entity
sunscreen object
sunset cognition
sunset entity
superconductivity conduction
superconductivity entity
superconductivity phenomenon
superego conscience
superego entity
superego motivation
superior entity
superior leader
superior object
superior organism
superior person
superiority degree
superiority entity
superlative entity
superlative praise
supermarket artifact
supermarket entity
supermarket object
supermarket structure
supernatural entity
supernova entity
supernova object
supernova star
superstition belief
superstition cognition
superstition entity
supervision entity
supervision event
supervision management
supervisor entity
supervisor leader
supervisor object
supervisor organism
supervisor person
supervisor superior
supper entity
supper food
supper meal
supplement add
supplement increase
supplier businessperson
supplier entity
supplier object
supplier organism
supplier person
supply entity
support activity
support entity
support event
supporter advocate
supporter entity
supporter object
supporter organism
supporter person
suppository drug
suppository entity
suppress forget
suppress restrain
suppression entity
suppression growth
surcharge cost
surcharge entity
surcharge relation
surety entity
surety quality
surf entity
surf event
surf happening
surf wave
surface artifact
surface entity
surface object
surface ascend
surface travel
surfacing entity
surfacing event
surgeon adult
surgeon doctor
surgeon entity
surgeon object
surgeon organism
surgeon person
surgeon professional
surgery cognition
surgery discipline
surgery entity
surgery science
surmise deduce
surmise reason
surname entity
surname name
surname part
surname relation
surprise astonishment
surprise entity
surprise feeling
surrealism entity
surrealism group
surrealist artist
surrealist entity
surrealist object
surrealist organism
surrealist person
surrogate entity
surrogate object
surrogate organism
surrogate peer
surrogate person
surveillance activity
surveillance entity
surveillance event
surveillance work
survey activity
survey entity
survey event
survey examination
survey work
survey analyze
surveying activity
surveying entity
surveying event
surveying measurement
surveyor engineer
surveyor entity
surveyor object
surveyor organism
surveyor person
survival animation
survival being
survival entity
survivor entity
survivor object
survivor organism
survivor person
survivor unfortunate
susceptibility condition
susceptibility entity
sushi entity
sushi food
suspect entity
suspect object
suspect organism
suspect person
suspend attach
suspend connect
suspend fasten
suspense apprehension
suspense emotion
suspense entity
suspense fear
suspense feeling
suspension entity
suspension mixture
suspension part
suspension relation
suspension substance
sustainability entity
suture entity
suture joint
suture connect
suture seam
swab artifact
swab entity
swab implement
swab object
swallow entity
swamp entity
swamp object
swamp wetland
swan animal
swan bird
swan entity
swan object
swan organism
swan vertebrate
swastika artifact
swastika cognition
swastika decoration
swastika entity
swastika object
swat action
swat blow
swat entity
swat event
swat touch
sway entity
sway power
sway quality
sweat excrete
sweater artifact
sweater clothing
sweater commodity
sweater entity
sweater garment
sweater object
sweatshop artifact
sweatshop entity
sweatshop factory
sweatshop object
sweatshop plant
sweatshop structure
sweep entity
sweep magnitude
sweep scope
sweeper employee
sweeper entity
sweeper object
sweeper organism
sweeper person
sweeper worker
sweeping action
sweeping cleaning
sweeping entity
sweeping event
sweetheart entity
sweetheart lover
sweetheart object
sweetheart organism
sweetheart person
swell entity
swell event
swell happening
swell wave
swell increase
swelling cognition
swelling entity
swelling evidence
swelling symptom
swim travel
swimmer athlete
swimmer contestant
swimmer entity
swimmer object
swimmer organism
swimmer person
swimming activity
swimming diversion
swimming entity
swimming event
swimming sport
swindle activity
swindle crime
swindle entity
swindle event
swindle fraud
swindle transgression
swine animal
swine entity
swine mammal
swine object
swine organism
swine vertebrate
swing entity
swipe action
swipe entity
swipe event
swipe stroke
swipe touch
swish entity
swish event
swish happening
switch artifact
switch device
switch entity
switch object
swivel artifact
swivel device
swivel entity
swivel object
swoop entity
swoop music
swoop tune
swoosh entity
swoosh event
swoosh happening
swoosh noise
sword artifact
sword device
sword entity
sword instrument
sword object
sword weapon
sycamore entity
sycamore material
sycamore part
sycamore relation
sycamore substance
sycamore wood
syllable entity
syllable part
syllable relation
symbiosis entity
symbiosis relation
symbol entity
symbol signal
symbolism entity
symbolism signal
symbolism symbol
symbolization entity
symbolization meaning
symmetry entity
sympathizer entity
sympathizer object
sympathizer organism
sympathizer person
sympathy attitude
sympathy cognition
sympathy entity
sympathy inclination
symphony entity
symphony music
symphony sonata
symposium conference
symposium entity
symposium gathering
symposium group
symposium meeting
symptom cognition
symptom entity
symptom evidence
synagogue artifact
synagogue building
synagogue entity
synagogue object
synagogue structure
syndicate entity
syndicate group
syndication administration
syndication entity
syndication event
syndication management
syndrome cognition
syndrome complex
syndrome concept
syndrome entity
syndrome idea
syndrome whole
synergy entity
synonym entity
synonym part
synonym relation
synonym word
syntax cognition
syntax entity
synthesis entity
synthesize add
synthesize increase
synthetic chemical
synthetic entity
synthetic material
synthetic part
synthetic relation
synthetic substance
syphilis condition
syphilis disease
syphilis entity
syphilis illness
syringe artifact
syringe device
syringe entity
syringe instrument
syringe object
syringe spread
syrup entity
syrup food
system artifact
system entity
system object
table array
table entity
table group
tablecloth artifact
tablecloth commodity
tablecloth entity
tablecloth object
tablet artifact
tablet block
tablet entity
tablet object
tablet slab
tabletop artifact
tabletop entity
tabletop object
tabletop surface
taboo attitude
taboo bias
taboo cognition
taboo entity
taboo inclination
taboo forget
taboo restrain
tack direction
tack entity
tack location
tack object
tack attach
tack connect
tack fasten
tackle athlete
tackle contestant
tackle entity
tackle object
tackle organism
tackle person
tackle player
tact entity
tact kindness
tact morality
tact quality
tactic cognition
tactic entity
tactic idea
tactic plan
tactician entity
tactician object
tactician organism
tactician person
tactician planner
tactics cognition
tactics discipline
tactics entity
tactlessness entity
tactlessness quality
tactlessness unkindness
tad entity
tadpole animal
tadpole entity
tadpole larva
tadpole object
tadpole organism
taffy candy
taffy dainty
taffy entity
taffy food
tag entity
tag signal
tag symbol
tag attach
tag connect
tail entity
tailor entity
tailor maker
tailor object
tailor organism
tailor person
tailor adapt
tailoring activity
tailoring entity
tailoring event
tailoring occupation
take act
takeoff departure
takeoff entity
takeoff event
taker consumer
taker customer
taker entity
taker object
taker organism
taker person
taker user
talc entity
talc material
talc mineral
talc part
talc relation
talc substance
talc change
talk conversation
talk entity
talk act
talk interact
tall entity
talon claw
talon entity
tambourine artifact
tambourine device
tambourine drum
tambourine entity
tambourine object
tame change
tan condition
tan entity
tan change
tangent entity
tangerine entity
tangerine mandarin
tangerine object
tangerine organism
tangerine tree
tangibility entity
tangibility quality
tangle entity
tangle object
tango activity
tango cognition
tango dancing
tango discipline
tango diversion
tango entity
tango event
tank artifact
tank container
tank entity
tank object
tank vehicle
tank have
tanning entity
tap cut
tape artifact
tape entity
tape object
tape attach
tape connect
taper entity
taper decrease
tapestry complexity
tapestry entity
tapestry quality
tapeworm animal
tapeworm entity
tapeworm flatworm
tapeworm invertebrate
tapeworm object
tapeworm organism
tapeworm worm
tapioca entity
tapioca food
tapping entity
tapping event
tapping happening
taps entity
taps signal
tar coat
tar cover
target entity
target signal
target aim
target position
target put
taste cognition
taste entity
taste sensation
tasting cognition
tasting entity
tasting example
tasting sample
tattle disclosure
tattle entity
tattle event
tattoo entity
tattoo signal
tattoo dye
tattoo stain
tavern artifact
tavern building
tavern entity
tavern object
tavern structure
tax entity
tax levy
tax relation
tax levy
taxi travel
taxidermist entity
taxidermist object
taxidermist organism
taxidermist person
taxidermist worker
taxis entity
taxpayer entity
taxpayer object
taxpayer organism
taxpayer payer
taxpayer person
tea beverage
tea entity
tea fluid
tea food
tea liquid
tea part
tea relation
tea substance
teach act
teach inform
teach interact
teacher adult
teacher educator
teacher entity
teacher object
teacher organism
teacher person
teacher professional
teaching activity
teaching entity
teaching event
teaching occupation
teacup entity
team entity
team group
team organization
team act
team interact
teammate associate
teammate entity
teammate object
teammate organism
teammate peer
teammate person
teamwork cooperation
teamwork entity
teamwork event
teapot artifact
teapot container
teapot entity
teapot implement
teapot object
teapot pot
teapot utensil
tear entity
tease entity
tease object
tease organism
tease person
tease annoy
tease harass
teaser entity
teaser object
teaser organism
teaser person
teaser worker
technical artifact
technical container
technical entity
technical object
technical pickup
technical truck
technical vehicle
technician entity
technician object
technician organism
technician person
technician worker
technique cognition
technique entity
technique method
technology activity
technology application
technology entity
technology event
technology occupation
technology use
teddy artifact
teddy entity
teddy object
teddy plaything
tee entity
tee location
tee object
tee site
tee tract
tee put
teens entity
telecast broadcast
telecast entity
telecast message
telecast act
telecast inform
telecast interact
telecast publicize
telecommunication artifact
telecommunication entity
telecommunication medium
telecommunication object
telegram entity
telegram message
telegraph apparatus
telegraph artifact
telegraph entity
telegraph equipment
telegraph object
telepathy entity
telephone artifact
telephone entity
telephone equipment
telephone object
telescope artifact
telescope device
telescope entity
telescope instrument
telescope magnifier
telescope object
telescope press
telescope squash
telescope touch
television artifact
television entity
television medium
television object
television telecommunication
temp entity
temp object
temp organism
temp person
temp worker
temperature entity
template cognition
template entity
template representation
temple artifact
temple building
temple entity
temple object
temple structure
tempo entity
tempt communicate
tempt request
temptation cognition
temptation entity
ten entity
ten integer
tend be
tender entity
tender standard
tenderfoot entity
tenderfoot object
tenderfoot organism
tenderfoot person
tendon entity
tendon tissue
tennis activity
tennis diversion
tennis entity
tennis event
tennis game
tennis sport
tenor entity
tense class
tense collection
tense entity
tense group
tension condition
tension entity
tent artifact
tent entity
tent object
tent shelter
tent structure
tentacle entity
tentacle influence
tentacle power
tentacle quality
tenure entity
term entity
term part
term relation
term word
term designate
term label
term name
terminal artifact
terminal entity
terminal facility
terminal object
terminal station
termination entity
terminology entity
terminology part
terminology relation
terminology word
termite animal
termite entity
termite insect
termite invertebrate
termite object
termite organism
terrace supply
terrain entity
terrain location
terrain object
terrain tract
terrier animal
terrier carnivore
terrier dog
terrier entity
terrier mammal
terrier object
terrier organism
terrier vertebrate
terrify arouse
terrify frighten
territorial entity
territorial object
territorial organism
territorial person
territorial serviceman
territorial soldier
territorial worker
terrorism coercion
terrorism enforcement
terrorism entity
terrorism event
terrorist entity
terrorist object
terrorist organism
terrorist person
testament belief
testament cognition
testament creed
testament doctrine
testament entity
testify declare
testify state
testimony entity
testimony information
testing activity
testing entity
testing event
testing experiment
testing research
testing work
testosterone entity
testosterone hormone
testosterone part
testosterone relation
testosterone substance
tetanus condition
tetanus entity
tetanus infection
tether attach
tether connect
text entity
textbook artifact
textbook book
textbook entity
textbook object
textbook publication
texture entity
thank act
thank convey
thank impart
thank inform
thank interact
thanks entity
thanksgiving entity
thatch covering
thatch entity
thatch hair
thatch object
thatch cover
thatch roof
thaw entity
thaw heating
theater artifact
theater building
theater entity
theater object
theater structure
theism belief
theism cognition
theism entity
theism morality
theism quality
theism religion
theme supply
then entity
theologian entity
theologian intellectual
theologian object
theologian organism
theologian person
theologian scholar
theology cognition
theology discipline
theology entity
theorist entity
theorist intellectual
theorist object
theorist organism
theorist person
theory cognition
theory entity
theory thinking
therapist entity
therapist expert
therapist object
therapist organism
therapist person
therapy activity
therapy care
therapy entity
therapy event
therapy treatment
therapy work
there entity
there location
there object
thermal entity
thermal phenomenon
thermal weather
thermal wind
thermodynamics cognition
thermodynamics discipline
thermodynamics entity
thermodynamics physics
thermodynamics science
thermometer artifact
thermometer device
thermometer entity
thermometer instrument
thermometer object
thesaurus artifact
thesaurus book
thesaurus entity
thesaurus object
thesaurus publication
thesis entity
thesis postulate
thesis premise
thesis proposition
thesis statement
thicken change
thickness dimension
thickness entity
thickness magnitude
thief criminal
thief entity
thief object
thief organism
thief person
thigh entity
thigh extremity
thigh limb
thing entity
thing situation
think cognition
think consideration
think entity
think thinking
thinker entity
thinker intellectual
thinker object
thinker organism
thinker person
thinking cognition
thinking entity
thinness dimension
thinness entity
thinness magnitude
thirst condition
thirst entity
thirteen entity
thirteen integer
thirteenth entity
thirteenth status
thirtieth entity
thirtieth status
thirty entity
thirty integer
thistle entity
thistle object
thistle organism
thistle weed
thorax entity
thoroughbred adult
thoroughbred entity
thoroughbred object
thoroughbred organism
thoroughbred person
thoroughfare artifact
thoroughfare entity
thoroughfare object
thoroughfare road
thousand entity
thousand integer
thrash action
thrash entity
thrash event
thread artifact
thread cord
thread entity
thread object
three digit
three entity
three integer
threshold entity
thrift entity
thrift object
thrift organism
thrift shrub
thriller entity
thriller fiction
throat entity
throb cognition
throb entity
throb evidence
throb pain
throb symptom
throne artifact
throne chair
throne entity
throne furniture
throne object
throne control
throng act
throng interact
throw entity
throw event
thrush entity
thrust push
thumb entity
thumb extremity
thumb finger
thumbnail entity
thumbnail fingernail
thumbnail nail
thump entity
thump event
thump happening
thunderbolt discharge
thunderbolt entity
thunderbolt event
thunderbolt happening
thunderbolt lightning
thunderbolt phenomenon
thunderclap entity
thunderclap event
thunderclap happening
thunderclap noise
thunderstorm entity
thunderstorm phenomenon
thunderstorm storm
thyme entity
thyme herb
thyme object
thyme organism
tiara artifact
tiara clothing
tiara commodity
tiara entity
tiara headdress
tiara object
tibia bone
tibia entity
tibia tissue
tic cognition
tic entity
tic evidence
tic spasm
tic symptom
tic twitch
tick entity
tick event
tick happening
ticket document
ticket entity
ticket have
ticket record
tickle cognition
tickle entity
tide entity
tide event
tide happening
tidewater entity
tidewater object
tidy artifact
tidy container
tidy entity
tidy object
tidy receptacle
tidy arrange
tidy put
tie attach
tie connect
tie fasten
tiger entity
tiger object
tiger organism
tiger person
tighten change
tigress animal
tigress carnivore
tigress entity
tigress feline
tigress mammal
tigress object
tigress organism
tigress vertebrate
tile artifact
tile block
tile entity
tile object
tile slab
tile cover
till entity
till material
till part
till relation
till substance
till change
tiller entity
tiller object
tiller shoot
tiller sprout
time case
time entity
time event
time happening
timekeeping activity
timekeeping entity
timekeeping event
timer artifact
timer device
timer entity
timer instrument
timer object
times entity
timetable database
timetable entity
timetable information
timetable list
timid entity
timid group
timid people
timidity emotion
timidity entity
timidity fear
timidity feeling
timing entity
timothy entity
timothy grass
timothy herb
timothy object
timothy organism
tin entity
tin part
tin relation
tin substance
tin coat
tin cover
tin plate
tinker entity
tinker object
tinker organism
tinker person
tint change
tint color
tinting action
tinting entity
tinting event
tip end
tip entity
tip location
tip object
tip region
tire artifact
tire entity
tire object
tire worsen
tissue entity
titanium entity
titanium part
titanium relation
titanium substance
title entity
title heading
title text
toadstool entity
toadstool fungus
toadstool object
toadstool organism
toast bread
toast entity
toast food
toast solid
tobacco drug
tobacco entity
tobacco material
tobacco part
tobacco relation
tobacco substance
today entity
today present
toe entity
toe extremity
toe travel
toe walk
toga artifact
toga clothing
toga commodity
toga entity
toga garment
toga object
togetherness belonging
togetherness closeness
togetherness entity
togetherness feeling
toilet artifact
toilet entity
toilet object
toilet room
toilet structure
toke breath
toke entity
toke inhalation
token entity
token signal
token symbol
tolerance endurance
tolerance entity
tolerance strength
toleration disposition
toleration entity
toleration trait
toll cost
toll entity
toll fee
toll relation
tom entity
tom object
tom organism
tom person
tomahawk artifact
tomahawk device
tomahawk entity
tomahawk instrument
tomahawk object
tomahawk weapon
tomahawk cut
tomato entity
tomato produce
tomato solid
tomato vegetable
tomorrow day
tomorrow entity
tone entity
tone act
tone interact
tongs artifact
tongs device
tongs entity
tongs object
tongue entity
tongue organ
tonic beverage
tonic entity
tonic fluid
tonic food
tonic liquid
tonic part
tonic relation
tonic substance
tonight entity
tonight present
tonsil entity
tonsil tissue
tonsillitis cognition
tonsillitis entity
tonsillitis evidence
tonsillitis inflammation
tonsillitis symptom
tool artifact
tool entity
tool implement
tool object
tool drive
tool touch
tooth bone
tooth entity
tooth tissue
toothache ache
toothache cognition
toothache entity
toothache evidence
toothache pain
toothache symptom
toothbrush artifact
toothbrush entity
toothbrush implement
toothbrush object
top entity
top location
top object
top region
topaz entity
topaz material
topaz mineral
topaz part
topaz relation
topaz substance
topography entity
topography shape
topping artifact
topping decoration
topping entity
topping garnish
topping object
topside artifact
topside deck
topside entity
topside object
topside platform
topside surface
topsoil entity
topsoil material
topsoil part
topsoil relation
topsoil substance
torch artifact
torch device
torch entity
torch object
torch burn
torchbearer entity
torchbearer leader
torchbearer object
torchbearer organism
torchbearer person
torment arouse
tornado entity
tornado phenomenon
tornado storm
tornado windstorm
torso entity
tortoise animal
tortoise entity
tortoise object
tortoise organism
tortoise reptile
tortoise vertebrate
tot entity
total be
totalitarian disciple
totalitarian entity
totalitarian follower
totalitarian object
totalitarian organism
totalitarian person
totem entity
totem group
toucan animal
toucan bird
toucan entity
toucan object
toucan organism
toucan vertebrate
touch entity
touch event
touch happening
touchdown accomplishment
touchdown action
touchdown attainment
touchdown entity
touchdown event
tour action
tour entity
tour event
tour journey
tour travel
tourism commerce
tourism entity
tourism event
tourism transaction
tourist entity
tourist object
tourist organism
tourist person
tourist traveler
tournament contest
tournament entity
tournament event
tow entity
tow event
tow pull
tow drag
tow pull
towel artifact
towel entity
towel fabric
towel object
towel piece
towel rub
towel wipe
tower artifact
tower entity
tower object
tower structure
town district
town entity
town location
town municipality
town object
township district
township entity
township location
township object
townsman entity
townsman object
townsman organism
townsman peer
townsman person
trace entity
trace analyze
tracer defender
tracer detective
tracer entity
tracer object
tracer organism
tracer person
tracer policeman
trachea duct
trachea entity
tracing activity
tracing creation
tracing entity
tracing event
tracker entity
tracker hunter
tracker object
tracker organism
tracker person
tracker worker
tract entity
tract location
tract object
tractor artifact
tractor container
tractor entity
tractor object
tractor vehicle
trade commerce
trade entity
trade event
trade transaction
trader businessperson
trader entity
trader merchant
trader object
trader organism
trader person
trading commerce
trading entity
trading event
trading transaction
tradition cognition
tradition entity
traditionalism entity
traditionalism quality
traditionalist adult
traditionalist conservative
traditionalist entity
traditionalist object
traditionalist organism
traditionalist person
traffic collection
traffic entity
traffic group
traffic trade
tragicomedy entity
trail entity
trail location
trail object
trailblazer entity
trailblazer expert
trailblazer object
trailblazer organism
trailblazer person
train artifact
train entity
train object
train act
train inform
train interact
train teach
trainee entity
trainee object
trainee organism
trainee person
trainer entity
trainer leader
trainer object
trainer organism
trainer person
training activity
training entity
training event
trait entity
traitor criminal
traitor entity
traitor object
traitor organism
traitor person
trajectory entity
trajectory phenomenon
tramp entity
tramp object
tramp organism
tramp person
tramp traveler
tramp unfortunate
tramp vagrant
tramp wanderer
tramp travel
tramp walk
transact act
transact interact
transaction entity
transaction event
transcendence being
transcendence entity
transcript entity
transcription entity
transference cognition
transference entity
transfiguration entity
transform change
transformation change
transformation entity
transformation event
transformation happening
transformer artifact
transformer device
transformer entity
transformer object
transfusion action
transfusion entity
transfusion event
transgression activity
transgression entity
transgression event
transgressor entity
transgressor object
transgressor organism
transgressor person
transient entity
transient object
transient organism
transient person
transient traveler
transistor artifact
transistor device
transistor entity
transistor object
transit pass
transit travel
transition change
translate act
translate inform
translate interact
translate repeat
translation entity
translation indication
translation record
translator entity
translator object
translator organism
translator person
transmigration change
transmigration entity
transmigration event
transmigration happening
transmission causing
transmission entity
transmission event
transmission sending
transparency entity
transparency phenomenon
transpire flow
transplant displace
transporter artifact
transporter container
transporter entity
transporter object
transporter truck
transporter vehicle
transpose array
transpose entity
transpose group
transpose matrix
transposition abnormality
transposition condition
transposition entity
transsexual entity
transsexual object
transsexual organism
transsexual person
trap artifact
trap device
trap entity
trap object
trapeze artifact
trapeze device
trapeze entity
trapeze object
trapeze plaything
trapezoid entity
trapezoid polygon
trapezoid quadrilateral
trash discard
travel action
travel entity
travel event
traveler entity
traveler object
traveler organism
traveler person
traversal action
traversal crossing
traversal entity
traversal event
traversal travel
traverse pass
traverse travel
travesty imitate
travesty reproduce
travesty spoof
tray artifact
tray container
tray entity
tray object
tray receptacle
treason activity
treason crime
treason entity
treason event
treason transgression
treasure assets
treasure entity
treasure relation
treasurer entity
treasurer object
treasurer organism
treasurer person
treasury assets
treasury entity
treasury funds
treasury relation
treat act
treat interact
treatment activity
treatment care
treatment entity
treatment event
treatment work
treaty agreement
treaty document
treaty entity
treaty statement
treble act
treble interact
tree entity
tree object
tree organism
trek action
trek entity
trek event
trek journey
trek travel
tremble entity
tremble reflex
tremble shake
tremor action
tremor entity
tremor event
tremor vibration
tremor shake
trench artifact
trench ditch
trench entity
trench object
trespass activity
trespass entity
trespass event
trespass act
trespass interact
trestle artifact
trestle entity
trestle object
trestle structure
trestle tower
triangle entity
triangle polygon
tribalism entity
tribe entity
tribe group
tribune defender
tribune entity
tribune object
tribune organism
tribune person
tribute entity
triceps entity
triceps muscle
triceps organ
triceratops animal
triceratops dinosaur
triceratops entity
triceratops object
triceratops organism
triceratops reptile
triceratops vertebrate
trick action
trick decision
trick entity
trick event
trick move
tricolor artifact
tricolor decoration
tricolor emblem
tricolor entity
tricolor flag
tricolor object
tricycle artifact
tricycle container
tricycle entity
tricycle object
tricycle vehicle
trident artifact
trident device
trident entity
trident instrument
trident object
trident spear
trident weapon
triglyceride chemical
triglyceride entity
triglyceride lipid
triglyceride material
triglyceride molecule
triglyceride oil
triglyceride part
triglyceride relation
triglyceride substance
trigonometry cognition
trigonometry discipline
trigonometry entity
trigonometry mathematics
trigonometry science
trilogy collection
trilogy entity
trilogy group
trilogy set
trim condition
trim entity
trim neatness
trimester entity
trimming action
trimming entity
trimming event
trip action
trip entity
trip event
trip journey
trip travel
tripe entity
tripe meat
tripe solid
triple accomplishment
triple action
triple entity
triple event
triple feat
triple hit
triple change
tripod artifact
tripod device
tripod entity
tripod object
tripper entity
tripper object
tripper organism
tripper person
troll cognition
troll creativity
troll entity
troll imagination
troll monster
troll travel
trombone artifact
trombone device
trombone entity
trombone object
troop entity
troop group
troop organization
trophy entity
trophy signal
trophy symbol
tropic entity
tropic location
tropic object
trot run
trot travel
trouble cognition
trouble entity
troubleshooter entity
troubleshooter object
troubleshooter organism
troubleshooter person
troubleshooter worker
trough entity
trough object
trouser artifact
trouser clothing
trouser commodity
trouser entity
trouser garment
trouser object
trout entity
trout solid
trowel artifact
trowel entity
trowel implement
trowel object
trowel tool
trowel dig
trowel remove
truck artifact
truck container
truck entity
truck object
truck vehicle
truck transport
trudge action
trudge entity
trudge event
trudge hike
trudge travel
true entity
true placement
true relation
true align
trump card
trump entity
trump material
trump paper
trump part
trump relation
trump substance
trumpet declare
trumpet state
trunk entity
trunk object
trust entity
trust property
trust relation
trust accept
trust believe
trustee entity
trustee object
trustee organism
trustee person
trustworthiness entity
trustworthiness trait
trusty convict
trusty entity
trusty object
trusty organism
trusty person
trusty prisoner
trusty unfortunate
truth cognition
truth entity
truth fact
truthfulness entity
truthfulness honesty
truthfulness morality
truthfulness quality
truthfulness righteousness
try act
tsunami calamity
tsunami entity
tsunami event
tsunami happening
tsunami misfortune
tsunami wave
tube artifact
tube conduit
tube entity
tube object
tube supply
tuberculosis condition
tuberculosis disease
tuberculosis entity
tuberculosis illness
tuck entity
tuck food
tuck surround
tuft bunch
tuft collection
tuft entity
tuft group
tug entity
tug event
tug pull
tug attract
tug pull
tuition cost
tuition entity
tuition fee
tuition relation
tulip entity
tulip object
tulip organism
tumble accomplishment
tumble action
tumble entity
tumble event
tumble feat
tumble stunt
tumble descend
tumble travel
tumbler athlete
tumbler contestant
tumbler entity
tumbler gymnast
tumbler object
tumbler organism
tumbler person
tumor condition
tumor entity
tumor illness
tuna entity
tuna object
tuna organism
tuna succulent
tundra entity
tundra object
tundra plain
tune entity
tune music
tune adjust
tune change
tuner entity
tuner object
tuner organism
tuner person
tuner worker
tungsten entity
tungsten part
tungsten relation
tungsten substance
tunic entity
tunic tissue
tuning activity
tuning calibration
tuning entity
tuning event
tunnel artifact
tunnel entity
tunnel object
turban artifact
turban clothing
turban commodity
turban entity
turban headdress
turban object
turbine artifact
turbine device
turbine engine
turbine entity
turbine machine
turbine motor
turbine object
turbulence entity
turbulence phenomenon
turf entity
turf object
turf cover
turkey animal
turkey bird
turkey entity
turkey object
turkey organism
turkey vertebrate
turnaround entity
turnip entity
turnip herb
turnip object
turnip organism
turnout entity
turnout gathering
turnout group
turpentine chemical
turpentine entity
turpentine material
turpentine part
turpentine relation
turpentine resin
turpentine substance
turquoise crystal
turquoise entity
turquoise material
turquoise mineral
turquoise part
turquoise relation
turquoise solid
turquoise substance
turret artifact
turret entity
turret object
turret structure
turret tower
tutor act
tutor inform
tutor interact
tutor teach
tutorial entity
tutorial session
tweak grip
tweak pinch
tweak seize
tweed artifact
tweed entity
tweed fabric
tweed object
tweeter artifact
tweeter device
tweeter entity
tweeter object
twelfth entity
twelfth status
twelve entity
twelve integer
twentieth entity
twentieth status
twenty entity
twenty integer
twiddle action
twiddle entity
twiddle event
twiddle rotation
twig diverge
twilight cognition
twilight entity
twin entity
twin object
twin organism
twin person
twin relative
twin sibling
twin equal
twin match
twinkle change
twinkle entity
twinkle event
twinkle happening
twins crystal
twins entity
twins solid
twitch cognition
twitch entity
twitch evidence
twitch spasm
twitch symptom
two digit
two entity
two integer
tying action
tying entity
tying event
tying joining
type cognition
type concept
type entity
type idea
type kind
type act
type interact
typeset change
typewriter artifact
typewriter device
typewriter entity
typewriter machine
typewriter object
typhoid condition
typhoid disease
typhoid entity
typhoid illness
typhoon entity
typhoon phenomenon
typhoon storm
typhoon windstorm
typhus condition
typhus disease
typhus entity
typhus illness
typist employee
typist entity
typist object
typist organism
typist person
typist worker
typography activity
typography entity
typography event
typography occupation
tyrant entity
tyrant object
tyrant organism
tyrant person
tyrant ruler
ugliness appearance
ugliness entity
ugliness quality
ulcer condition
ulcer entity
ulcer lesion
ultimate entity
ultimate quality
ultimatum demand
ultimatum entity
ultimatum request
ultrasound entity
ultrasound phenomenon
ultraviolet energy
ultraviolet entity
ultraviolet phenomenon
ultraviolet radiation
umbrella artifact
umbrella entity
umbrella object
umpire entity
umpire object
umpire organism
umpire person
unbelief cognition
unbelief entity
uncertainty entity
uncertainty quality
uncle entity
uncle kinsman
uncle object
uncle organism
uncle person
uncle relative
undercut entity
undercut material
undercut part
undercut relation
undercut substance
underestimate cognition
underestimate entity
underestimate estimate
underestimate thinking
undergraduate entity
undergraduate object
undergraduate organism
undergraduate person
undergraduate student
underground entity
underground group
underground organization
underlie be
underscore entity
underscore indication
underscore act
underscore convey
underscore express
underscore impart
underscore inform
underscore interact
underscore stress
understanding cognition
understanding entity
understanding knowing
undertake cause
undertaking activity
undertaking entity
undertaking event
undertaking work
underwear artifact
underwear clothing
underwear commodity
underwear entity
underwear garment
underwear object
underworld entity
underworld group
underworld people
undesirable entity
undesirable object
undesirable organism
undesirable person
undoing action
undoing entity
undoing event
undress condition
undress entity
undress nakedness
undress remove
unemployment entity
unevenness entity
unevenness quality
unfolding entity
unfortunate entity
unfortunate object
unfortunate organism
unfortunate person
unicorn cognition
unicorn creativity
unicorn entity
unicorn imagination
uniform artifact
uniform clothing
uniform commodity
uniform entity
uniform object
uniform supply
uniformity entity
uniformity quality
union entity
union group
union organization
unison entity
unite join
universal cognition
universal concept
universal entity
universal idea
universality entity
universality quality
universe entity
universe object
university entity
university group
unkindness entity
unkindness quality
unknown entity
unknown location
unknown object
unlikeness difference
unlikeness entity
unlikeness quality
unlock open
unreality entity
unreality quality
unscrew change
unscrew loosen
untouchable entity
untouchable object
untouchable organism
untouchable outcast
untouchable person
untouchable unfortunate
unveiling entity
unwillingness disposition
unwillingness entity
unwillingness trait
up change
upbringing entity
update entity
update information
update news
update modify
upgrade rate
uphill ascent
uphill entity
uphill object
uphill slope
upholder advocate
upholder entity
upholder object
upholder organism
upholder person
upholder supporter
upholstery artifact
upholstery entity
upholstery object
uppercut action
uppercut blow
uppercut entity
uppercut event
upright artifact
upright device
upright entity
upright object
uproot displace
upset change
upstairs entity
upstairs object
upturn action
upturn entity
upturn event
uranium entity
uranium part
uranium relation
uranium substance
urbanization condition
urbanization entity
urethra duct
urethra entity
urge entity
urge motivation
urge act
urge interact
urgency condition
urgency entity
urgency necessity
urgency need
urinal artifact
urinal entity
urinal fixture
urinal object
urinate excrete
urine entity
urine material
urine part
urine relation
urine substance
urine waste
urn artifact
urn container
urn entity
urn jar
urn object
urn vase
urology cognition
urology discipline
urology entity
urology medicine
urology science
use activity
use entity
use event
user entity
user object
user organism
user person
usher lead
usurper entity
usurper object
usurper organism
usurper person
utensil artifact
utensil entity
utensil implement
utensil object
uterus entity
uterus organ
utilitarian entity
utilitarian intellectual
utilitarian object
utilitarian organism
utilitarian person
utilitarian philosopher
utilitarian scholar
utility company
utility entity
utility group
utility institution
utility organization
utmost entity
utmost limit
utmost magnitude
utterance entity
vacancy condition
vacancy emptiness
vacancy entity
vacation entity
vacation leisure
vacation spend
vacationer entity
vacationer object
vacationer organism
vacationer person
vaccine entity
vacuum condition
vacuum emptiness
vacuum entity
vacuum change
vacuum clean
vagabond entity
vagabond object
vagina duct
vagina entity
vagrancy condition
vagrancy entity
vagrancy homelessness
vagrant entity
vagrant object
vagrant organism
vagrant person
vagrant traveler
vagrant unfortunate
vagrant wanderer
valedictorian entity
valedictorian intellectual
valedictorian object
valedictorian organism
valedictorian person
valedictorian scholar
valentine entity
valentine lover
valentine object
valentine organism
valentine person
valentine sweetheart
valet entity
valet object
valet organism
valet person
valet servant
valet worker
valet help
valet support
validate act
validate authorize
validate permit
validate react
validation determination
validation discovery
validation entity
validation event
valley entity
valley object
valuable assets
valuable entity
valuable relation
valuable treasure
value cognition
value concept
value entity
value idea
valve entity
vampire belief
vampire cognition
vampire entity
vandalism action
vandalism activity
vandalism destruction
vandalism entity
vandalism event
vandalism mischief
vanilla entity
vanilla flower
vanilla object
vanilla orchid
vanilla organism
vanishing entity
vanishing event
vanishing happening
vantage entity
vantage location
vantage object
vantage position
vapor entity
vapor mixture
vapor part
vapor relation
vapor substance
vapor suspension
vaporization action
vaporization annihilation
vaporization destruction
vaporization entity
vaporization event
vaporizer artifact
vaporizer device
vaporizer entity
vaporizer object
variability entity
variability quality
variable entity
variation change
variation entity
variation event
variation happening
varnish artifact
varnish coating
varnish entity
varnish object
varnish coat
varnish cover
vase artifact
vase container
vase entity
vase jar
vase object
vat entity
vat excise
vat levy
vat relation
vat tax
vault artifact
vault chamber
vault enclosure
vault entity
vault location
vault object
vault structure
vault jump
vegetable entity
vegetable produce
vegetable solid
vegetarian consumer
vegetarian eater
vegetarian entity
vegetarian object
vegetarian organism
vegetarian person
vegetarian user
vegetarianism diet
vegetarianism entity
vegetarianism food
vegetation collection
vegetation entity
vegetation group
vehicle artifact
vehicle entity
vehicle object
veil hide
vein entity
vein vessel
vein dye
vein stain
velvet artifact
velvet entity
velvet fabric
velvet object
vendetta conflict
vendetta entity
vendetta event
vendetta feud
vending commerce
vending entity
vending event
vending selling
vending transaction
veneer artifact
veneer coating
veneer entity
veneer object
veneer cover
venetian entity
venetian inhabitant
venetian object
venetian organism
venetian person
vengeance entity
vengeance event
vengeance retaliation
venom entity
venom poison
vent artifact
vent entity
vent object
vent act
vent convey
vent express
vent impart
vent inform
vent interact
ventilation action
ventilation entity
ventilation event
ventricle entity
venture activity
venture entity
venture event
venture undertaking
venture work
venture act
venturer businessperson
venturer entity
venturer merchant
venturer object
venturer organism
venturer person
venue area
venue entity
venue location
venue object
venue scene
veracity entity
veracity honesty
veracity morality
veracity quality
veracity righteousness
veracity truthfulness
veranda artifact
veranda entity
veranda object
veranda porch
veranda structure
verb class
verb collection
verb entity
verb group
verbalize act
verbalize interact
verdict entity
verdict event
verge include
verify confirm
vermicelli entity
vermicelli solid
versatility entity
versatility skillfulness
verse write
version entity
version explanation
version statement
vertebra bone
vertebra entity
vertebra tissue
vertebrate animal
vertebrate entity
vertebrate object
vertebrate organism
vertex cognition
vertex component
vertex concept
vertex entity
vertex idea
vertex intersection
vertex point
vertical entity
vertical relation
vessel entity
veteran entity
veteran object
veteran organism
veteran person
veteran serviceman
veteran worker
veterinarian adult
veterinarian doctor
veterinarian entity
veterinarian object
veterinarian organism
veterinarian person
veterinarian professional
veto action
veto entity
veto event
veto vote
veto refute
veto reject
viability entity
vibration action
vibration entity
vibration event
viceroy entity
viceroy governor
viceroy leader
viceroy object
viceroy organism
viceroy person
viceroy politician
vicinity area
vicinity entity
vicinity location
vicinity object
victim entity
victim object
victim organism
victim person
victim unfortunate
victimization adversity
victimization entity
victor combatant
victor entity
victor object
victor organism
victor person
victory entity
victory event
victory happening
victory success
video entity
videotape artifact
videotape device
videotape entity
videotape object
videotape have
videotape record
vigil condition
vigil consciousness
vigil entity
vigil wakefulness
vigil waking
vigilante entity
vigilante object
vigilante organism
vigilante person
vigilante worker
village community
village entity
village gathering
village group
villager entity
villager inhabitant
villager object
villager organism
villager person
villain entity
villain object
villain organism
villain person
villainy entity
villainy immorality
villainy quality
vindication accomplishment
vindication action
vindication entity
vindication event
vindication liberation
vine entity
vine object
vine organism
vinegar condiment
vinegar entity
vinegar food
vineyard entity
vineyard farm
vineyard location
vineyard object
vineyard workplace
vintage alcohol
vintage beverage
vintage drug
vintage entity
vintage fluid
vintage food
vintage liquid
vintage part
vintage relation
vintage substance
vintage wine
vinyl entity
viola entity
viola herb
viola object
viola organism
violator criminal
violator entity
violator object
violator organism
violator person
violence action
violence entity
violence event
violet entity
violet herb
violet object
violet organism
violet viola
violin artifact
violin device
violin entity
violin object
violinist entertainer
violinist entity
violinist musician
violinist object
violinist organism
violinist performer
violinist person
viper animal
viper entity
viper object
viper organism
viper reptile
viper snake
viper vertebrate
virgin entity
virgin innocent
virgin object
virgin organism
virgin person
virginal artifact
virginal device
virginal entity
virginal harpsichord
virginal object
virginity condition
virginity entity
virtue entity
virtue morality
virtue quality
virus agent
virus entity
virus microorganism
virus object
virus organism
visa entity
visa sanction
visa contract
visa declare
visa promise
visa state
viscosity consistency
viscosity entity
visibility entity
vision cognition
vision entity
visionary entity
visionary object
visionary organism
visionary person
visit entity
visit event
visit tour
visiting entity
visiting event
visiting visit
visitor entity
visitor object
visitor organism
visitor person
visitor traveler
visor artifact
visor entity
visor object
visor shield
visualize imagine
vitality entity
vitality trait
vitamin entity
vitamin food
vocabulary artifact
vocabulary book
vocabulary entity
vocabulary object
vocabulary publication
vodka alcohol
vodka beverage
vodka drug
vodka entity
vodka fluid
vodka food
vodka liquid
vodka liquor
vodka part
vodka relation
vodka substance
vogue cognition
vogue entity
voice entity
voice sound
voicing activity
voicing calibration
voicing entity
voicing event
volatile entity
volatile part
volatile relation
volatile substance
volatility entity
volition cognition
volition entity
volition faculty
volleyball activity
volleyball diversion
volleyball entity
volleyball event
volleyball game
volleyball sport
volt entity
voltage entity
voltage phenomenon
volume entity
volunteer entity
volunteer object
volunteer organism
volunteer person
volunteer serviceman
volunteer worker
volunteer act
volunteer inform
volunteer interact
vomit entity
vomit material
vomit part
vomit relation
vomit substance
vomit waste
vomit excrete
vote action
vote entity
vote event
vote choose
vote decide
voter citizen
voter entity
voter national
voter object
voter organism
voter person
vouch declare
vouch state
vouch testify
voucher advocate
voucher entity
voucher object
voucher organism
voucher person
voucher supporter
vow entity
vow declare
vow pledge
vow promise
vow state
vowel entity
vowel part
vowel relation
voyager entity
voyager object
voyager organism
voyager person
voyager traveler
vulture animal
vulture bird
vulture entity
vulture object
vulture organism
vulture vertebrate
vulva entity
vulva genitalia
vulva organ
wad entity
wad material
wad part
wad relation
wad substance
wade travel
wade walk
wafer entity
wafer material
wafer part
wafer relation
wafer substance
wag entertainer
wag entity
wag object
wag organism
wag person
wag shake
wage cost
wage entity
wage payment
wage relation
wages entity
wages event
wages happening
wagon artifact
wagon container
wagon entity
wagon object
wagon vehicle
waist entity
waitress employee
waitress entity
waitress object
waitress organism
waitress person
waitress worker
wakefulness condition
wakefulness consciousness
wakefulness entity
wakefulness waking
waking condition
waking consciousness
waking entity
walk action
walk entity
walk event
walk travel
walkabout action
walkabout entity
walkabout event
walkabout journey
walkabout tour
walkabout travel
walkout entity
walkout event
walkout strike
wall artifact
wall entity
wall object
wall partition
wall structure
wall protect
wallet artifact
wallet container
wallet entity
wallet object
wallow entity
wallow indulge
wallpaper entity
wallpaper material
wallpaper paper
wallpaper part
wallpaper relation
wallpaper substance
wallpaper cover
walnut entity
walnut fruit
walnut nut
walnut object
walnut seed
wand artifact
wand entity
wand implement
wand object
wand rod
wanderer entity
wanderer object
wanderer organism
wanderer person
wanderer traveler
wandering action
wandering entity
wandering event
wandering travel
waning change
waning decrease
waning entity
waning event
waning happening
wanton entity
wanton object
wanton organism
wanton person
war entity
war event
warbler entertainer
warbler entity
warbler musician
warbler object
warbler organism
warbler performer
warbler person
warbler singer
ward entity
ward object
ward organism
ward person
warden defender
warden entity
warden object
warden organism
warden person
ware artifact
ware entity
ware object
warehouse artifact
warehouse depository
warehouse entity
warehouse facility
warehouse object
warehouse storehouse
warehouse have
warlock cognition
warlock creativity
warlock entity
warlock imagination
warlord entity
warlord leader
warlord object
warlord organism
warlord person
warn act
warn inform
warn interact
warning entity
warning event
warrant document
warrant entity
warrior entity
warrior object
warrior organism
warrior person
warship artifact
warship entity
warship object
warship ship
warship vehicle
wart bulge
wart entity
wartime entity
wash artifact
wash coating
wash entity
wash material
wash object
wash paint
wash part
wash relation
wash substance
washroom artifact
washroom entity
washroom object
washroom room
washroom structure
washroom toilet
wasp entity
wasp object
wasp organism
wasp person
wasp protestant
wasp white
waste entity
waste material
waste part
waste relation
waste substance
watch artifact
watch device
watch entity
watch instrument
watch object
watchfulness cognition
watchfulness entity
watchfulness faculty
watchman defender
watchman entity
watchman guard
watchman object
watchman organism
watchman person
watchtower artifact
watchtower entity
watchtower object
watchtower structure
watchtower tower
water chemical
water entity
water material
water part
water relation
water substance
water change
water wet
waterfall entity
waterfowl animal
waterfowl bird
waterfowl entity
waterfowl object
waterfowl organism
waterfowl vertebrate
waterfront district
waterfront entity
waterfront location
waterfront object
watermelon entity
watermelon object
watermelon organism
watermelon vine
watershed entity
watershed location
watershed object
waterway entity
waterwheel artifact
waterwheel device
waterwheel entity
waterwheel object
waterwheel wheel
watt entity
wave entity
wave event
wave happening
wavelength distance
wavelength entity
wavelength placement
wavelength relation
wax chemical
wax entity
wax lipid
wax material
wax molecule
wax part
wax relation
wax substance
wax cover
ways artifact
ways entity
ways object
ways structure
wayside boundary
wayside entity
wayside location
wayside object
wayside region
weaken change
weakening change
weakening entity
weakening event
weakening happening
weakening transformation
wealth condition
wealth entity
weapon artifact
weapon device
weapon entity
weapon instrument
weapon object
weaponry artifact
weaponry entity
weaponry object
wear condition
wear deterioration
wear entity
wearer entity
wearer object
wearer organism
wearer person
wearer user
weasel entity
weasel object
weasel organism
weasel person
weather entity
weather phenomenon
weather defy
weave artifact
weave decoration
weave entity
weave object
weaver entity
weaver object
weaver organism
weaver person
weaver worker
weaving activity
weaving creation
weaving entity
weaving event
weaving occupation
web entity
web object
webbing entity
webbing object
webbing web
wedding ceremony
wedding entity
wedding event
wedge entity
wedge polygon
wedge triangle
wee entity
weed entity
weed object
weed organism
weed remove
weeds artifact
weeds clothing
weeds commodity
weeds entity
weeds garment
weeds object
week entity
weekday entity
weekend entity
weekend spend
weekly artifact
weekly entity
weekly object
weekly periodical
weekly publication
weigh be
weight entity
weightlifter athlete
weightlifter contestant
weightlifter entity
weightlifter object
weightlifter organism
weightlifter person
welcome entity
welcome situation
welcome get
weld connect
welding action
welding entity
welding event
welding joining
well artifact
well entity
well object
well ascend
well surface
well travel
wellbeing entity
western artifact
western entity
western event
western movie
western object
westernization entity
wet change
wetland entity
wetland object
wetness condition
wetness entity
whack entity
whack event
whack happening
whack touch
whale get
whale hunt
wharf supply
wheat cereal
wheat entity
wheat grass
wheat herb
wheat object
wheat organism
wheel artifact
wheel device
wheel entity
wheel object
wheel revolve
wheelbarrow transport
wheelchair artifact
wheelchair chair
wheelchair entity
wheelchair furniture
wheelchair object
whereabouts entity
whereabouts location
whereabouts object
whetstone artifact
whetstone entity
whetstone object
whey entity
whey part
whey relation
whey serum
whey substance
while entity
whimper entity
whimper event
whine travel
whip artifact
whip device
whip entity
whip instrument
whip object
whipping entity
whipping event
whipping punishment
whirl entity
whirl event
whirl happening
whirlpool entity
whirlpool event
whirlpool flow
whirlpool happening
whirlwind entity
whirlwind phenomenon
whirlwind storm
whirlwind windstorm
whisk artifact
whisk entity
whisk implement
whisk object
whisk utensil
whisk bring
whiskey alcohol
whiskey beverage
whiskey drug
whiskey entity
whiskey fluid
whiskey food
whiskey liquid
whiskey liquor
whiskey part
whiskey relation
whiskey substance
whisper entity
whisper speaking
whisper utterance
whisper act
whisper interact
whistle entity
whistle event
whistle happening
white entity
white object
white organism
white person
whitecap entity
whitecap event
whitecap happening
whitecap wave
whitefish entity
whitefish seafood
whitefish solid
whitewash defeat
whitewash entity
whitewash event
whitewash happening
whitewash hide
whole cognition
whole concept
whole entity
whole idea
wholesale commerce
wholesale entity
wholesale event
wholesale selling
wholesale transaction
wholesale exchange
wholesale sell
whoop cry
whoop entity
whoop utterance
whoopee activity
whoopee diversion
whoopee entity
whoopee event
whoopee merrymaking
whoopee revel
whopper entity
whopper falsehood
whopper lie
whopper statement
whore work
why entity
why motivation
why reason
wick artifact
wick cord
wick entity
wick object
widen increase
wideness dimension
wideness entity
wideness magnitude
wideness width
widow adult
widow entity
widow object
widow organism
widow person
widow woman
widower adult
widower entity
widower man
widower object
widower organism
widower person
widowhood entity
width dimension
width entity
width magnitude
wife adult
wife entity
wife object
wife organism
wife person
wife relative
wife spouse
wife woman
wig artifact
wig attire
wig clothing
wig commodity
wig entity
wig hairpiece
wig object
wigwam artifact
wigwam dwelling
wigwam entity
wigwam housing
wigwam object
wigwam structure
wild entity
wilderness entity
wilderness situation
wildfire entity
wildfire event
wildfire fire
wildfire happening
wildflower entity
wildflower object
wildflower organism
wildlife entity
wildlife object
will declare
will decree
will state
willingness disposition
willingness entity
willingness trait
willow entity
willow object
willow organism
willow tree
win entity
win event
win happening
win success
win victory
winch artifact
winch device
winch entity
winch object
winch pull
wind entity
wind phenomenon
wind weather
windfall entity
windfall fruit
windfall object
windfall produce
windfall solid
window artifact
window entity
window object
window structure
windowsill artifact
windowsill device
windowsill entity
windowsill object
windowsill sill
windstorm entity
windstorm phenomenon
windstorm storm
wine alcohol
wine beverage
wine drug
wine entity
wine fluid
wine food
wine liquid
wine part
wine relation
wine substance
wing entity
wing organ
wink act
wink interact
winner contestant
winner entity
winner object
winner organism
winner person
winning accomplishment
winning action
winning attainment
winning entity
winning event
winnings assets
winnings entity
winnings relation
winnings sum
winter entity
winter spend
wipe rub
wire artifact
wire entity
wire object
wire equip
wire supply
wiring artifact
wiring circuit
wiring device
wiring entity
wiring object
wisdom cognition
wisdom entity
wise entity
wise manner
wish desire
wish entity
wish feeling
wish desire
wisp bunch
wisp collection
wisp entity
wisp group
wisp tuft
wit entity
witchcraft belief
witchcraft cognition
witchcraft entity
witchcraft magic
witchcraft sorcery
withdraw travel
withdrawal denial
withdrawal entity
withdrawal event
withdrawal retraction
withers entity
withhold have
witness entity
witness object
witness organism
witness person
witness speaker
witness watch
wits cognition
wits entity
wits intelligence
wobble entity
wobble event
wobble happening
wobbly entity
wobbly object
wobbly organism
wobbly person
wok artifact
wok entity
wok implement
wok object
wok pan
wok utensil
wolf animal
wolf carnivore
wolf entity
wolf mammal
wolf object
wolf organism
wolf vertebrate
wolf eat
woman adult
woman entity
woman object
woman organism
woman person
womanhood entity
womanliness entity
womanliness femininity
womanliness trait
wonder astonishment
wonder entity
wonder feeling
wonder act
wonder address
wonder interact
wonderland entity
wonderland object
wood entity
wood material
wood part
wood relation
wood substance
woodcutter employee
woodcutter entity
woodcutter laborer
woodcutter object
woodcutter organism
woodcutter person
woodcutter worker
woodcutter workman
woodpecker animal
woodpecker bird
woodpecker entity
woodpecker object
woodpecker organism
woodpecker vertebrate
woodwork artifact
woodwork entity
woodwork object
woodworm animal
woodworm entity
woodworm invertebrate
woodworm object
woodworm organism
woodworm worm
woof artifact
woof cord
woof entity
woof object
woof thread
wool artifact
wool entity
wool fabric
wool object
word entity
word part
word relation
wording entity
work activity
work entity
work event
workbench artifact
workbench entity
workbench furniture
workbench object
workday entity
workday weekday
worker entity
worker object
worker organism
worker person
workhouse artifact
workhouse entity
workhouse object
workhouse structure
working artifact
working entity
working object
workload activity
workload entity
workload event
workload occupation
workman employee
workman entity
workman object
workman organism
workman person
workman worker
workplace entity
workplace location
workplace object
workshop entity
workshop location
workshop object
workshop workplace
workspace area
workspace entity
workspace location
workspace object
workstation artifact
workstation computer
workstation device
workstation entity
workstation machine
workstation object
worm animal
worm entity
worm invertebrate
worm object
worm organism
wormhole entity
wormhole object
worse bad
worse entity
worse quality
worship activity
worship entity
worship event
worshiper entity
worshiper lover
worshiper object
worshiper organism
worshiper person
worst entity
worst event
worst happening
worst beat
wort entity
wort herb
wort object
wort organism
worth entity
worthiness entity
worthiness quality
worthy adult
worthy entity
worthy object
worthy organism
worthy person
wound condition
wound entity
wound injury
wounded entity
wounded group
wounded people
wrap artifact
wrap clothing
wrap commodity
wrap entity
wrap garment
wrap object
wrap cover
wrath anger
wrath emotion
wrath entity
wrath feeling
wrath fury
wreath artifact
wreath decoration
wreath entity
wreath group
wreath object
wreck condition
wreck entity
wreckage entity
wreckage object
wrench condition
wrench entity
wrench injury
wrench act
wrestle activity
wrestle entity
wrestle event
wrestle work
wrestle battle
wrestler combatant
wrestler entity
wrestler object
wrestler organism
wrestler person
wretch entity
wretch object
wretch organism
wretch person
wrinkle entity
wrist entity
wrist joint
wristband artifact
wristband entity
wristband object
writer entity
writer object
writer organism
writer person
writing activity
writing creation
writing entity
writing event
wrong entity
wrong immorality
wrong quality
wrong act
wrong interact
wrong treat
xerox artifact
xerox entity
xerox object
yacht artifact
yacht entity
yacht object
yacht vehicle
yacht boat
yacht travel
yak conversation
yak entity
yak talk
yak act
yak interact
yam entity
yam object
yard entity
yardstick entity
yardstick standard
yarn act
yarn inform
yarn interact
year entity
yearbook artifact
yearbook book
yearbook entity
yearbook object
yearbook publication
yeast entity
yellow color
yellow entity
yes affirmative
yes assertion
yes declaration
yes entity
yes statement
yesterday day
yesterday entity
yield supply
yin cognition
yin entity
yin idea
yin principle
yoga belief
yoga cognition
yoga entity
yoga morality
yoga quality
yoga religion
yogurt entity
yogurt food
yogurt solid
yoke artifact
yoke entity
yoke fabric
yoke object
yoke connect
young animal
young entity
young object
young organism
youngness age
youngness entity
zany comedian
zany entertainer
zany entity
zany object
zany organism
zany performer
zany person
zebra animal
zebra entity
zebra mammal
zebra object
zebra organism
zebra vertebrate
zenith entity
zenith location
zenith object
zero adjust
zero change
zest season
zinc entity
zinc part
zinc relation
zinc substance
zinc coat
zinc cover
zirconium entity
zirconium part
zirconium relation
zirconium substance
zodiac entity
zodiac location
zodiac object
zodiac region
zone entity
zone location
zone object
zone decide
zoning action
zoning entity
zoning event
zoom travel
zucchini entity
zucchini object
zucchini organism
zucchini squash
zucchini vine
