a abstraction
a character
a communication
a entity
a letter
a signal
a symbol
a abstraction
a blood
a entity
a matter
a part
a relation
a substance
aardvark animal
aardvark entity
aardvark mammal
aardvark object
aardvark organism
aardvark vertebrate
aardvark whole
abacus artifact
abacus block
abacus entity
abacus object
abacus slab
abacus tablet
abacus whole
abacus artifact
abacus calculator
abacus device
abacus entity
abacus instrumentality
abacus machine
abacus object
abacus whole
abandon abstraction
abandon attribute
abandon entity
abandon indiscipline
abandon trait
abandon discard
abandon leave
abandonment abstraction
abandonment act
abandonment entity
abandonment event
abandonment rejection
abandonment abstraction
abandonment act
abandonment disposal
abandonment entity
abandonment event
abasement abstraction
abasement attribute
abasement entity
abasement humiliation
abasement shame
abasement standing
abasement state
abasement status
abatement abstraction
abatement act
abatement action
abatement change
abatement decrease
abatement entity
abatement event
abatement moderation
abbreviate change
abbreviate reduce
abbreviate simplify
abbreviation abstraction
abbreviation entity
abbreviation form
abbreviation part
abbreviation relation
abbreviation word
abbreviation abstraction
abbreviation act
abbreviation action
abbreviation change
abbreviation decrease
abbreviation entity
abbreviation event
abbreviation shortening
abdicate change
abdicate leave
abdicate vacate
abdomen entity
abdomen part
abdomen thing
abdominal entity
abdominal muscle
abdominal organ
abdominal part
abdominal thing
abduct move
abduct pull
abduction abstraction
abduction act
abduction activity
abduction capture
abduction crime
abduction entity
abduction event
abduction felony
abduction transgression
abduction abstraction
abduction act
abduction action
abduction change
abduction entity
abduction event
abduction motion
abhorrence abstraction
abhorrence attribute
abhorrence disgust
abhorrence dislike
abhorrence emotion
abhorrence entity
abhorrence feeling
abhorrence hate
abhorrence state
ability abstraction
ability attribute
ability entity
ability quality
ability abstraction
ability cognition
ability entity
abnormality abstraction
abnormality attribute
abnormality condition
abnormality entity
abnormality state
abnormality abstraction
abnormality cognition
abnormality entity
abnormality inability
abnormality stupidity
abnormality abstraction
abnormality attribute
abnormality entity
abnormality quality
abnormality abstraction
abnormality act
abnormality activity
abnormality entity
abnormality event
abolition abstraction
abolition act
abolition action
abolition change
abolition entity
abolition event
abolition termination
abolitionist entity
abolitionist object
abolitionist organism
abolitionist person
abolitionist reformer
abolitionist whole
abomination entity
abomination object
abomination organism
abomination person
abomination whole
abomination abstraction
abomination act
abomination activity
abomination entity
abomination event
abomination transgression
abort abstraction
abort act
abort action
abort change
abort entity
abort event
abort termination
abort change
abort end
abort change
abort die
abort exhaust
abortion abstraction
abortion act
abortion action
abortion change
abortion entity
abortion event
abortion termination
abound be
abound have
above abstraction
above communication
above entity
above music
above section
above writing
abrasion abstraction
abrasion attribute
abrasion condition
abrasion entity
abrasion injury
abrasion state
abrasion wound
abrasion entity
abrasion erosion
abrasion process
abridge change
abridge decrease
abridge change
abridge decrease
abridge limit
abridge restrict
abscess abstraction
abscess cognition
abscess entity
abscess evidence
abscess information
abscess symptom
absence abstraction
absence attribute
absence condition
absence entity
absence lack
absence need
absence state
absence abstraction
absence act
absence entity
absence event
absence abstraction
absence entity
absence measure
absence abstraction
absence affliction
absence attack
absence entity
absence event
absence happening
absence seizure
absence trouble
absent disappear
absenteeism absence
absenteeism abstraction
absenteeism act
absenteeism entity
absenteeism event
absolute abstraction
absolute cognition
absolute concept
absolute content
absolute entity
absolute idea
absolution abstraction
absolution attribute
absolution condition
absolution entity
absolution state
absolution abstraction
absolution act
absolution entity
absolution event
absolution recovery
absolution redemption
absolution rescue
absolutism abstraction
absolutism attribute
absolutism condition
absolutism dominance
absolutism entity
absolutism state
absolutism abstraction
absolutism attitude
absolutism cognition
absolutism entity
absolutism orientation
absolutism abstraction
absolutism belief
absolutism cognition
absolutism content
absolutism doctrine
absolutism entity
absolutist disciple
absolutist entity
absolutist follower
absolutist object
absolutist organism
absolutist person
absolutist whole
absorb change
absorb learn
absorb fund
absorb give
absorb support
absorb transfer
absorb blend
absorb change
absorb receive
absorb arouse
absorb interest
absorb make
absorption entity
absorption process
absorption entity
absorption process
abstain refrain
abstinence abstraction
abstinence attribute
abstinence discipline
abstinence entity
abstinence trait
abstinence abstraction
abstinence act
abstinence activity
abstinence control
abstinence entity
abstinence event
abstract evaluate
abstract see
abstract think
abstract consider
abstract think
abstract act
abstract communicate
abstract inform
abstract interact
abstract repeat
abstract tell
abstraction abstraction
abstraction cognition
abstraction concept
abstraction content
abstraction entity
abstraction idea
abstraction abstraction
abstraction act
abstraction action
abstraction change
abstraction entity
abstraction event
abstraction removal
abstraction separation
abstraction abstraction
abstraction cognition
abstraction conjecture
abstraction entity
abstraction process
abstraction reasoning
abstraction thinking
abstraction art
abstraction artifact
abstraction creation
abstraction entity
abstraction object
abstraction painting
abstraction whole
abstraction entity
absurd abstraction
absurd attribute
absurd entity
absurd situation
absurd state
absurdity abstraction
absurdity communication
absurdity entity
absurdity message
absurdity nonsense
absurdity abstraction
absurdity attribute
absurdity entity
absurdity folly
absurdity trait
abundance abstraction
abundance amount
abundance attribute
abundance entity
abundance magnitude
abundance property
abundance quantity
abundance abstraction
abundance entity
abundance ratio
abundance relation
abundance abstraction
abundance entity
abundance ratio
abundance relation
abuse abstraction
abuse communication
abuse entity
abuse message
abuse attack
abuse comment
abuse express
abuse knock
abuse note
abuse state
abuse use
abyss abstraction
abyss attribute
abyss chasm
abyss entity
abyss location
abyss object
abyss opening
abyss shape
abyss space
academia abstraction
academia class
academia entity
academia group
academia people
academia world
academy abstraction
academy entity
academy group
academy institution
academy organization
academy school
academy abstraction
academy entity
academy group
academy institution
academy organization
academy abstraction
academy entity
academy group
academy institution
academy organization
academy school
academy artifact
academy entity
academy establishment
academy object
academy structure
academy whole
accelerate change
accelerate increase
accelerate intensify
accelerate change
acceleration abstraction
acceleration change
acceleration entity
acceleration event
acceleration happening
acceleration abstraction
acceleration act
acceleration action
acceleration change
acceleration entity
acceleration event
acceleration motion
acceleration speed
acceleration abstraction
acceleration entity
acceleration rate
acceleration relation
accelerator artifact
accelerator bar
accelerator entity
accelerator implement
accelerator instrumentality
accelerator lever
accelerator object
accelerator pedal
accelerator whole
accelerator artifact
accelerator control
accelerator device
accelerator entity
accelerator instrumentality
accelerator mechanism
accelerator object
accelerator valve
accelerator whole
accelerator artifact
accelerator device
accelerator entity
accelerator instrumentality
accelerator instrument
accelerator object
accelerator whole
accent abstraction
accent communication
accent entity
accent pronunciation
accent utterance
accent abstraction
accent communication
accent entity
accent mark
accent signal
accent symbol
accentuation abstraction
accentuation communication
accentuation entity
accentuation stress
accept evaluate
accept think
accept get
accept act
accept react
accept act
accept react
accept accept
accept get
accept accept
accept act
accept digest
accept permit
accept react
accept be
accept get
accept receive
accept act
accept react
acceptability abstraction
acceptability attribute
acceptability entity
acceptability quality
acceptance abstraction
acceptance attribute
acceptance entity
acceptance situation
acceptance state
acceptance abstraction
acceptance act
acceptance agreement
acceptance assent
acceptance entity
acceptance event
acceptance abstraction
acceptance communication
acceptance document
acceptance draft
acceptance entity
acceptance writing
acceptance abstraction
acceptance acquisition
acceptance act
acceptance entity
acceptance event
acceptor abstraction
acceptor chemical
acceptor compound
acceptor entity
acceptor material
acceptor matter
acceptor part
acceptor relation
acceptor substance
acceptor entity
acceptor object
acceptor organism
acceptor payer
acceptor person
acceptor whole
access abstraction
access cognition
access concept
access content
access entity
access idea
access right
access artifact
access entity
access object
access way
access whole
access abstraction
access code
access communication
access entity
access writing
access entity
access operation
access processing
access process
access abstraction
access act
access action
access approach
access change
access entity
access event
access motion
access get
access recover
access reach
accessory artifact
accessory clothing
accessory commodity
accessory covering
accessory entity
accessory object
accessory whole
accessory component
accessory entity
accessory object
accessory part
accessory criminal
accessory entity
accessory object
accessory organism
accessory person
accessory principal
accessory whole
accident abstraction
accident entity
accident event
accident happening
accident misfortune
accident mishap
accident trouble
accident abstraction
accident entity
accident event
accident happening
accidental abstraction
accidental communication
accidental entity
accidental notation
accidental writing
acclaim abstraction
acclaim approval
acclaim communication
acclaim entity
acclaim message
acclaim evaluate
acclaim measure
acclaim praise
acclaim think
accommodate give
accommodate provide
accommodate transfer
accommodate act
accommodate interact
accommodate relate
accommodation abstraction
accommodation agreement
accommodation communication
accommodation entity
accommodation message
accommodation settlement
accommodation statement
accommodation abstraction
accommodation cognition
accommodation entity
accommodation learning
accommodation process
accommodation artifact
accommodation entity
accommodation housing
accommodation object
accommodation structure
accommodation whole
accommodation abstraction
accommodation act
accommodation activity
accommodation aid
accommodation entity
accommodation event
accommodation abstraction
accommodation act
accommodation action
accommodation alteration
accommodation change
accommodation entity
accommodation event
accompaniment abstraction
accompaniment entity
accompaniment event
accompaniment happening
accompaniment abstraction
accompaniment communication
accompaniment entity
accompaniment music
accompaniment part
accompaniment tune
accompany travel
accomplice assistant
accomplice entity
accomplice object
accomplice organism
accomplice person
accomplice whole
accomplice worker
accomplishment abstraction
accomplishment act
accomplishment action
accomplishment entity
accomplishment event
accord abstraction
accord act
accord agreement
accord entity
accord event
accord abstraction
accord attribute
accord characteristic
accord compatibility
accord entity
accord quality
accord give
accord transfer
accordance abstraction
accordance act
accordance distribution
accordance entity
accordance event
accordance giving
account abstraction
account attribute
account entity
account relationship
account state
account abstraction
account attribute
account entity
account importance
account quality
account value
account worth
account abstraction
account communication
account document
account entity
account statement
account writing
account abstraction
account advantage
account asset
account attribute
account entity
account profit
account quality
account be
account declare
account express
account state
accountability abstraction
accountability attribute
accountability entity
accountability responsibility
accountability trait
accountability trustworthiness
accountancy abstraction
accountancy act
accountancy activity
accountancy entity
accountancy event
accountancy occupation
accountant businessperson
accountant capitalist
accountant entity
accountant object
accountant organism
accountant person
accountant whole
accounting abstraction
accounting communication
accounting entity
accounting explanation
accounting message
accounting statement
accounting ability
accounting abstraction
accounting cognition
accounting entity
accounting method
accounting system
accounting abstraction
accounting communication
accounting document
accounting entity
accounting record
accounting register
accreditation abstraction
accreditation act
accreditation authorization
accreditation certification
accreditation entity
accreditation event
accreditation management
accrue change
accrue increase
accrue move
accumulate change
accumulate increase
accumulation abstraction
accumulation act
accumulation action
accumulation change
accumulation entity
accumulation event
accumulation increase
accumulation abstraction
accumulation assets
accumulation entity
accumulation gain
accumulation income
accumulation possession
accumulation relation
accumulation sum
accumulator artifact
accumulator device
accumulator entity
accumulator instrumentality
accumulator object
accumulator register
accumulator whole
accuracy abstraction
accuracy attribute
accuracy entity
accuracy quality
accuracy abstraction
accuracy attribute
accuracy entity
accuracy quality
accusation abstraction
accusation charge
accusation communication
accusation entity
accusation message
accusation pleading
accusation statement
accusation abstraction
accusation assertion
accusation communication
accusation declaration
accusation entity
accusation message
accusation statement
accusative abstraction
accusative case
accusative class
accusative collection
accusative entity
accusative group
accusative oblique
accuse charge
accused defendant
accused entity
accused object
accused organism
accused party
accused person
accused whole
ace abstraction
ace card
ace entity
ace material
ace matter
ace paper
ace part
ace relation
ace substance
ace entity
ace expert
ace object
ace organism
ace person
ace whole
ace abstraction
ace act
ace action
ace change
ace entity
ace event
ace maneuver
ace motion
ace serve
ace stroke
ace gain
ace score
ace compete
ace play
ace move
ace serve
acetone abstraction
acetone chemical
acetone compound
acetone entity
acetone material
acetone matter
acetone medium
acetone part
acetone relation
acetone solvent
acetone substance
ache abstraction
ache cognition
ache entity
ache evidence
ache information
ache pain
ache symptom
ache desire
achieve succeed
acid abstraction
acid chemical
acid compound
acid entity
acid material
acid matter
acid part
acid relation
acid substance
acid agent
acid drug
acid entity
acid matter
acid substance
acidification entity
acidification process
acidity abstraction
acidity cognition
acidity entity
acidity perception
acidity process
acidity sensation
acidity sour
acidity taste
acidity abstraction
acidity attribute
acidity concentration
acidity entity
acidity property
acknowledge communicate
acknowledge convey
acknowledge move
acknowledge transfer
acknowledge act
acknowledge communicate
acknowledge convey
acknowledge impart
acknowledge inform
acknowledge interact
acknowledge tell
acknowledge thank
acknowledge accept
acknowledge evaluate
acknowledge think
acknowledge accept
acknowledge evaluate
acknowledge think
acne abstraction
acne attribute
acne condition
acne disease
acne entity
acne illness
acne state
acorn entity
acorn fruit
acorn object
acorn whole
acoustic agent
acoustic drug
acoustic entity
acoustic matter
acoustic medicine
acoustic remedy
acoustic substance
acoustics abstraction
acoustics cognition
acoustics content
acoustics discipline
acoustics entity
acoustics physics
acoustics science
acquaint act
acquaint communicate
acquaint inform
acquaint interact
acquaintance abstraction
acquaintance cognition
acquaintance entity
acquaintance information
acquaintance abstraction
acquaintance attribute
acquaintance entity
acquaintance relationship
acquaintance state
acquaintance entity
acquaintance object
acquaintance organism
acquaintance person
acquaintance whole
acquire determine
acquire situate
acquire get
acquisition abstraction
acquisition act
acquisition entity
acquisition event
acquisition abstraction
acquisition entity
acquisition possession
acquisition relation
acquit declare
acquit evaluate
acquit pronounce
acquit think
acre abstraction
acre entity
acre measure
acrobat athlete
acrobat contestant
acrobat entity
acrobat object
acrobat organism
acrobat person
acrobat whole
acronym abstraction
acronym entity
acronym form
acronym part
acronym relation
acronym word
act abstraction
act communication
act document
act entity
act writing
act abstraction
act entity
act event
act abstraction
act communication
act entity
act writing
act abstraction
act entity
act event
act performance
act show
act abstraction
act communication
act demonstration
act entity
act expression
act make
act serve
act work
act act
act be
act make
act perform
acting abstraction
acting act
acting activity
acting cognition
acting content
acting discipline
acting entity
acting event
action abstraction
action act
action entity
action event
action abstraction
action attribute
action entity
action state
action abstraction
action communication
action entity
action fiction
action plot
action story
action writing
action abstraction
action attribute
action drive
action entity
action trait
action artifact
action device
action entity
action instrumentality
action mechanism
action object
action whole
action abstraction
action act
action entity
action event
action abstraction
action act
action activity
action entity
action event
action work
action ask
action challenge
action communicate
action convey
action invite
action move
action request
action transfer
activate change
activation entity
activation process
activation stimulation
activation abstraction
activation act
activation action
activation beginning
activation change
activation entity
activation event
activator abstraction
activator entity
activator matter
activator part
activator relation
activator substance
active entity
active object
active organism
active person
active whole
activeness abstraction
activeness attribute
activeness entity
activeness trait
activity abstraction
activity act
activity entity
activity event
activity abstraction
activity attribute
activity capability
activity condition
activity entity
activity state
activity susceptibility
actor entertainer
actor entity
actor object
actor organism
actor performer
actor person
actor whole
actor entity
actor object
actor organism
actor person
actor whole
actress actor
actress entertainer
actress entity
actress object
actress organism
actress performer
actress person
actress whole
actuality abstraction
actuality attribute
actuality being
actuality entity
actuality state
acupressure abstraction
acupressure act
acupressure activity
acupressure care
acupressure entity
acupressure event
acupressure treatment
acupressure work
acupuncture abstraction
acupuncture act
acupuncture activity
acupuncture care
acupuncture entity
acupuncture event
acupuncture treatment
acupuncture work
acuteness ability
acuteness abstraction
acuteness cognition
acuteness entity
acuteness faculty
acuteness sense
acuteness sensitivity
acuteness ability
acuteness abstraction
acuteness cognition
acuteness entity
acuteness intelligence
acuteness abstraction
acuteness attribute
acuteness entity
acuteness property
acuteness shape
acuteness sharpness
ad abstraction
ad communication
ad entity
ad message
ad promotion
adapt change
adaptability ability
adaptability abstraction
adaptability attribute
adaptability entity
adaptability quality
adaptation abstraction
adaptation communication
adaptation entity
adaptation writing
adaptation entity
adaptation process
adaptation abstraction
adaptation act
adaptation action
adaptation alteration
adaptation change
adaptation entity
adaptation event
adapter artifact
adapter device
adapter entity
adapter instrumentality
adapter object
adapter whole
add change
add increase
add express
add state
add calculate
add reason
add think
add constitute
add form
addendum abstraction
addendum communication
addendum entity
addendum matter
addendum writing
addict advocate
addict enthusiast
addict entity
addict object
addict organism
addict person
addict supporter
addict whole
addict entity
addict object
addict organism
addict person
addict whole
addict change
addiction abstraction
addiction attribute
addiction condition
addiction entity
addiction state
addiction abstraction
addiction attribute
addiction desire
addiction entity
addiction feeling
addiction state
addiction abstraction
addiction act
addiction allotment
addiction award
addiction distribution
addiction entity
addiction event
addiction grant
addition component
addition entity
addition object
addition part
addition abstraction
addition act
addition action
addition change
addition entity
addition event
addition increase
addition abstraction
addition entity
addition measure
addition district
addition entity
addition location
addition object
addition region
addition suburb
additive addition
additive component
additive entity
additive object
additive part
address abstraction
address code
address communication
address entity
address writing
address entity
address location
address object
address point
address abstraction
address act
address entity
address event
address abstraction
address communication
address entity
address abstraction
address communication
address entity
address sign
address abstraction
address communication
address direction
address entity
address message
address abstraction
address attribute
address entity
address position
address property
address stance
address act
address communicate
address interact
address designate
address label
address aim
address move
address position
address put
address target
address use
address act
address address
address communicate
address interact
address access
address get
address recover
address come
address travel
address align
address change
adeptness abstraction
adeptness attribute
adeptness entity
adeptness skillfulness
adeptness state
adequacy abstraction
adequacy attribute
adequacy entity
adequacy quality
adhere equal
adhere match
adhere change
adhere complete
adhere end
adhere adopt
adhere choose
adhere decide
adhere attach
adhere connect
adhere join
adhesion abstraction
adhesion attribute
adhesion condition
adhesion entity
adhesion pathology
adhesion state
adhesion entity
adhesion part
adhesion thing
adhesion tissue
adjective abstraction
adjective entity
adjective modifier
adjective part
adjective relation
adjective word
adjective abstraction
adjective class
adjective collection
adjective entity
adjective group
adjoin add
adjoin change
adjoin increase
adjournment abstraction
adjournment act
adjournment action
adjournment change
adjournment entity
adjournment event
adjournment termination
adjournment abstraction
adjournment act
adjournment delay
adjournment entity
adjournment event
adjournment inactivity
adjudication abstraction
adjudication act
adjudication entity
adjudication event
adjudication judgment
adjunct entity
adjunct thing
adjunct associate
adjunct entity
adjunct object
adjunct organism
adjunct peer
adjunct person
adjunct whole
adjunct abstraction
adjunct arrangement
adjunct communication
adjunct constituent
adjunct construction
adjunct entity
adjunct group
adjunct language
adjunct sequence
adjunct series
adjunct string
adjust change
adjust adapt
adjust change
adjust decide
adjust end
adjuster entity
adjuster expert
adjuster investigator
adjuster object
adjuster organism
adjuster person
adjuster whole
adjustment abstraction
adjustment change
adjustment entity
adjustment event
adjustment happening
adjustment improvement
adjustment transformation
adjustment abstraction
adjustment act
adjustment activity
adjustment calibration
adjustment entity
adjustment event
administer control
administer manage
administer distribute
administer give
administer transfer
administer treat
administer control
administer direct
administer manage
administration abstraction
administration act
administration entity
administration event
administration management
administration abstraction
administration body
administration entity
administration group
administration abstraction
administration act
administration activity
administration care
administration entity
administration event
administration medication
administration therapy
administration treatment
administration work
administration abstraction
administration act
administration entity
administration event
administration judgment
administration justice
administrator entity
administrator head
administrator leader
administrator object
administrator organism
administrator person
administrator whole
administrator entity
administrator object
administrator organism
administrator person
administrator whole
administrator entity
administrator head
administrator leader
administrator object
administrator organism
administrator person
administrator whole
admiral entity
admiral object
admiral organism
admiral person
admiral serviceman
admiral whole
admiral worker
admiral animal
admiral butterfly
admiral entity
admiral insect
admiral invertebrate
admiral object
admiral organism
admiral whole
admiration abstraction
admiration attribute
admiration entity
admiration feeling
admiration liking
admiration state
admiration abstraction
admiration act
admiration activity
admiration aid
admiration blessing
admiration entity
admiration event
admiration support
admire evaluate
admire respect
admire see
admire think
admire look
admirer entity
admirer object
admirer organism
admirer person
admirer whole
admirer entity
admirer lover
admirer object
admirer organism
admirer person
admirer whole
admission abstraction
admission act
admission action
admission arrival
admission entity
admission entrance
admission event
admission abstraction
admission communication
admission entity
admission message
admit declare
admit evaluate
admit think
admit accept
admit act
admit permit
admit react
admit accept
admit act
admit permit
admit react
admit serve
admit spend
adobe abstraction
adobe clay
adobe earth
adobe entity
adobe material
adobe matter
adobe part
adobe relation
adobe soil
adobe substance
adobe artifact
adobe brick
adobe ceramic
adobe entity
adobe instrumentality
adobe object
adobe whole
adolescence abstraction
adolescence entity
adolescence measure
adolescence abstraction
adolescence attribute
adolescence entity
adolescence immaturity
adolescence state
adolescent entity
adolescent juvenile
adolescent object
adolescent organism
adolescent person
adolescent whole
adopt choose
adopt decide
adopt accept
adopt get
adopt take
adoption abstraction
adoption act
adoption activity
adoption aid
adoption blessing
adoption entity
adoption event
adoption support
adoption abstraction
adoption act
adoption entity
adoption event
adoption proceeding
adoration abstraction
adoration act
adoration activity
adoration admiration
adoration aid
adoration blessing
adoration entity
adoration event
adoration support
adoration abstraction
adoration act
adoration activity
adoration entity
adoration event
adoration worship
adore love
adornment artifact
adornment decoration
adornment entity
adornment object
adornment whole
adornment abstraction
adornment act
adornment action
adornment change
adornment decoration
adornment entity
adornment event
adult entity
adult object
adult organism
adult person
adult whole
adult animal
adult entity
adult object
adult organism
adult whole
adulterer entity
adulterer object
adulterer organism
adulterer person
adulterer whole
adultery entity
adultery process
adulthood abstraction
adulthood entity
adulthood measure
adulthood abstraction
adulthood attribute
adulthood entity
adulthood maturity
adulthood state
advance abstraction
advance assets
advance entity
advance possession
advance relation
advance sum
advance abstraction
advance act
advance action
advance change
advance entity
advance event
advance increase
advance travel
advance declare
advance express
advance propose
advance state
advance move
advance better
advance change
advance give
advance lend
advance transfer
advance adjust
advance change
advance set
advance change
advance increase
advance wax
advancement abstraction
advancement act
advancement action
advancement change
advancement development
advancement entity
advancement event
advancement improvement
advantage abstraction
advantage asset
advantage attribute
advantage entity
advantage quality
advantage abstraction
advantage entity
advantage measure
advantage point
advantage abstraction
advantage attribute
advantage benefit
advantage entity
advantage good
advantage quality
advantage appoint
advantage delegate
advantage prefer
advantage promote
advent abstraction
advent accomplishment
advent act
advent action
advent arrival
advent entity
advent event
advent abstraction
advent entity
advent measure
advent season
adventure abstraction
adventure act
adventure activity
adventure entity
adventure event
adventure undertaking
adventure work
adventurer entity
adventurer object
adventurer organism
adventurer person
adventurer whole
adventuress adventurer
adventuress entity
adventuress object
adventuress organism
adventuress person
adventuress whole
adverb abstraction
adverb class
adverb collection
adverb entity
adverb group
adverb abstraction
adverb entity
adverb modifier
adverb part
adverb relation
adverb word
adversary entity
adversary object
adversary organism
adversary person
adversary whole
adversity abstraction
adversity attribute
adversity condition
adversity entity
adversity fortune
adversity misfortune
adversity state
adversity abstraction
adversity entity
adversity event
adversity happening
adversity misfortune
adversity trouble
advertise act
advertise announce
advertise communicate
advertise inform
advertise interact
advertise evaluate
advertise measure
advertise praise
advertise think
advertiser entity
advertiser object
advertiser organism
advertiser person
advertiser publicist
advertiser whole
advertising abstraction
advertising act
advertising commerce
advertising entity
advertising event
advertising transaction
advice abstraction
advice communication
advice entity
advice message
advice proposal
advise act
advise communicate
advise inform
advise interact
adviser authority
adviser entity
adviser expert
adviser object
adviser organism
adviser person
adviser whole
advisory abstraction
advisory announcement
advisory communication
advisory entity
advisory message
advisory statement
advocacy abstraction
advocacy act
advocacy activity
advocacy aid
advocacy entity
advocacy event
advocacy support
advocate entity
advocate object
advocate organism
advocate person
advocate whole
advocate adult
advocate entity
advocate lawyer
advocate object
advocate organism
advocate person
advocate professional
advocate whole
aeronautics abstraction
aeronautics cognition
aeronautics content
aeronautics discipline
aeronautics entity
aeronautics physics
aeronautics science
aerosol cloud
aerosol entity
aerosol phenomenon
aerosol process
aerosol artifact
aerosol container
aerosol entity
aerosol instrumentality
aerosol object
aerosol whole
aerospace entity
aerospace location
aerospace object
aerospace region
aesthetic abstraction
aesthetic belief
aesthetic cognition
aesthetic content
aesthetic doctrine
aesthetic entity
aesthetics abstraction
aesthetics cognition
aesthetics content
aesthetics discipline
aesthetics entity
aesthetics philosophy
affair abstraction
affair attribute
affair entity
affair relationship
affair state
affair abstraction
affair entity
affair event
affect abstraction
affect attribute
affect entity
affect feeling
affect state
affect change
affectation abstraction
affectation act
affectation activity
affectation deception
affectation entity
affectation event
affectation falsification
affectation pretense
affection abstraction
affection attribute
affection entity
affection feeling
affection state
affidavit abstraction
affidavit communication
affidavit document
affidavit entity
affidavit evidence
affidavit information
affidavit message
affidavit testimony
affidavit writing
affiliate associate
affiliate entity
affiliate object
affiliate organism
affiliate peer
affiliate person
affiliate whole
affiliate abstraction
affiliate entity
affiliate group
affiliate organization
affiliate join
affiliation abstraction
affiliation attribute
affiliation entity
affiliation relationship
affiliation state
affiliation abstraction
affiliation act
affiliation association
affiliation entity
affiliation event
affirm declare
affirm express
affirm state
affirmation abstraction
affirmation act
affirmation entity
affirmation event
affirmation abstraction
affirmation commitment
affirmation communication
affirmation entity
affirmation message
affirmation abstraction
affirmation act
affirmation entity
affirmation event
affirmation judgment
affirmative abstraction
affirmative assertion
affirmative communication
affirmative declaration
affirmative entity
affirmative message
affirmative statement
affix abstraction
affix entity
affix part
affix relation
affix attach
affix connect
affix attach
affix connect
afflict arouse
afflict make
afflict upset
afflict change
afflict damage
affliction abstraction
affliction adversity
affliction attribute
affliction condition
affliction entity
affliction fortune
affliction misfortune
affliction state
affliction abstraction
affliction attribute
affliction condition
affliction entity
affliction state
affliction abstraction
affliction entity
affliction event
affliction happening
affliction trouble
affluence abstraction
affluence attribute
affluence condition
affluence entity
affluence state
affluence wealth
affluent entity
affluent object
affluent organism
affluent person
affluent whole
afford give
afford pay
afford spend
afford transfer
afghan artifact
afghan blanket
afghan covering
afghan entity
afghan object
afghan whole
afghan entity
afghan inhabitant
afghan object
afghan organism
afghan person
afghan whole
aficionado advocate
aficionado enthusiast
aficionado entity
aficionado object
aficionado organism
aficionado person
aficionado supporter
aficionado whole
aficionado entity
aficionado fan
aficionado follower
aficionado object
aficionado organism
aficionado person
aficionado whole
afro covering
afro entity
afro hair
afro object
afro whole
aftercare abstraction
aftercare act
aftercare activity
aftercare care
aftercare entity
aftercare event
aftercare treatment
aftercare work
aftereffect consequence
aftereffect entity
aftereffect phenomenon
aftereffect process
aftereffect abstraction
aftereffect cognition
aftereffect effect
aftereffect entity
aftereffect evidence
aftereffect information
aftereffect symptom
afterglow entity
afterglow phenomenon
afterglow process
afterglow abstraction
afterglow attribute
afterglow entity
afterglow feeling
afterglow pleasure
afterglow state
afterlife abstraction
afterlife entity
afterlife life
afterlife measure
aftermath consequence
aftermath entity
aftermath phenomenon
aftermath process
afternoon abstraction
afternoon day
afternoon entity
afternoon measure
aftershock earthquake
aftershock entity
aftershock phenomenon
aftershock process
aftershock tremor
afterworld ability
afterworld abstraction
afterworld cognition
afterworld creativity
afterworld entity
afterworld imagination
age abstraction
age attribute
age entity
age property
age abstraction
age entity
age measure
age change
age develop
age grow
age increase
age change
aged abstraction
aged entity
aged group
aged people
agency abstraction
agency entity
agency group
agency organization
agency unit
agency abstraction
agency business
agency enterprise
agency entity
agency group
agency organization
agency abstraction
agency action
agency attribute
agency entity
agency state
agenda abstraction
agenda cognition
agenda content
agenda entity
agenda idea
agenda plan
agenda abstraction
agenda communication
agenda database
agenda entity
agenda information
agenda list
agenda message
agent entity
agent negotiator
agent object
agent organism
agent person
agent representative
agent whole
agent entity
agent matter
agent substance
agent businessperson
agent capitalist
agent entity
agent object
agent organism
agent person
agent whole
agent entity
agent object
agent official
agent organism
agent person
agent whole
agent worker
aggregate abstraction
aggregate entity
aggregate material
aggregate matter
aggregate part
aggregate relation
aggregate substance
aggregate abstraction
aggregate collection
aggregate entity
aggregate group
aggregate sum
aggregate become
aggregate change
aggregate come
aggregate transform
aggregate change
aggregate mix
aggression abstraction
aggression attribute
aggression disposition
aggression entity
aggression nature
aggression trait
aggression abstraction
aggression attribute
aggression emotion
aggression entity
aggression feeling
aggression hate
aggression hostility
aggression state
aggression abstraction
aggression act
aggression action
aggression entity
aggression event
aggression abstraction
aggression act
aggression battle
aggression combat
aggression entity
aggression event
aggression abstraction
aggression act
aggression activity
aggression behavior
aggression entity
aggression event
aggressiveness abstraction
aggressiveness attribute
aggressiveness drive
aggressiveness entity
aggressiveness trait
aggressiveness abstraction
aggressiveness attribute
aggressiveness disposition
aggressiveness entity
aggressiveness nature
aggressiveness trait
aggressor entity
aggressor instigator
aggressor leader
aggressor object
aggressor organism
aggressor person
aggressor whole
agility abstraction
agility attribute
agility carriage
agility entity
agility gracefulness
agility property
aging entity
aging process
agitate ask
agitate challenge
agitate communicate
agitate convey
agitate invite
agitate move
agitate provoke
agitate request
agitate transfer
agitate affect
agitate disturb
agitate move
agitation abstraction
agitation attribute
agitation condition
agitation entity
agitation state
agitation abstraction
agitation attribute
agitation disorder
agitation entity
agitation state
agitation turbulence
agitation abstraction
agitation attribute
agitation entity
agitation feeling
agitation state
agitation abstraction
agitation act
agitation action
agitation change
agitation disturbance
agitation entity
agitation event
agitation motion
agitation abstraction
agitation act
agitation action
agitation change
agitation entity
agitation event
agitation motion
agnostic entity
agnostic object
agnostic organism
agnostic person
agnostic whole
agnostic entity
agnostic object
agnostic organism
agnostic person
agnostic whole
agnosticism abstraction
agnosticism attitude
agnosticism cognition
agnosticism entity
agnosticism orientation
agnosticism abstraction
agnosticism cognition
agnosticism content
agnosticism entity
agnosticism unbelief
agony abstraction
agony attribute
agony entity
agony feeling
agony pain
agony state
agony suffering
agony abstraction
agony cognition
agony entity
agony evidence
agony information
agony pain
agony symptom
agree accept
agree act
agree react
agree be
agree suit
agreement abstraction
agreement communication
agreement entity
agreement message
agreement statement
agreement abstraction
agreement attribute
agreement characteristic
agreement compatibility
agreement entity
agreement quality
agreement abstraction
agreement attribute
agreement entity
agreement harmony
agreement order
agreement state
agreement abstraction
agreement cognition
agreement entity
agreement process
agreement thinking
agreement abstraction
agreement entity
agreement relation
agreement abstraction
agreement act
agreement entity
agreement event
agriculture abstraction
agriculture class
agriculture entity
agriculture group
agriculture people
agriculturist creator
agriculturist entity
agriculturist farmer
agriculturist object
agriculturist organism
agriculturist person
agriculturist whole
aid abstraction
aid asset
aid attribute
aid entity
aid quality
aid resource
aid abstraction
aid act
aid activity
aid entity
aid event
aid abstraction
aid acquisition
aid entity
aid gift
aid possession
aid relation
aide assistant
aide entity
aide object
aide organism
aide person
aide whole
aide worker
aids abstraction
aids attribute
aids condition
aids disease
aids disorder
aids entity
aids illness
aids state
ailment abstraction
ailment attribute
ailment condition
ailment disorder
ailment entity
ailment state
aim abstraction
aim cognition
aim content
aim entity
aim goal
aim abstraction
aim act
aim activity
aim control
aim entity
aim event
aim move
aim position
aim put
aim intend
aim act
aim communicate
aim convey
aim impart
aim inform
aim interact
aim mean
aim tell
air entity
air fluid
air gas
air matter
air entity
air location
air object
air region
air abstraction
air attribute
air entity
air quality
air abstraction
air element
air entity
air matter
air part
air relation
air substance
air abstraction
air act
air communication
air entity
air event
air medium
air act
air communicate
air inform
air interact
air publicize
air tell
air change
air dry
aircraft artifact
aircraft conveyance
aircraft craft
aircraft entity
aircraft instrumentality
aircraft object
aircraft vehicle
aircraft whole
airfield artifact
airfield entity
airfield facility
airfield object
airfield whole
airiness abstraction
airiness attribute
airiness entity
airiness largeness
airiness magnitude
airiness property
airiness size
airiness abstraction
airiness attribute
airiness entity
airiness lightness
airiness property
airiness weight
airiness abstraction
airiness activeness
airiness animation
airiness attribute
airiness entity
airiness trait
airing abstraction
airing act
airing action
airing change
airing entity
airing event
airing excursion
airing journey
airing motion
airing travel
airlift abstraction
airlift act
airlift action
airlift change
airlift entity
airlift event
airlift movement
airlift transportation
airlift fly
airlift move
airlift transport
airline artifact
airline conduit
airline entity
airline hose
airline object
airline passage
airline tube
airline way
airline whole
airline abstraction
airline business
airline carrier
airline enterprise
airline entity
airline group
airline line
airline organization
airmail abstraction
airmail communication
airmail entity
airmail mail
airmail message
airmail abstraction
airmail act
airmail communication
airmail entity
airmail event
airmail mail
airmail move
airmail transfer
airplane aircraft
airplane artifact
airplane conveyance
airplane craft
airplane entity
airplane instrumentality
airplane object
airplane vehicle
airplane whole
airport airfield
airport artifact
airport entity
airport facility
airport object
airport whole
airspace area
airspace entity
airspace location
airspace object
airspace region
airspace space
airspace atmosphere
airspace entity
airspace location
airspace object
airspace region
aisle artifact
aisle entity
aisle object
aisle passage
aisle way
aisle whole
aisle artifact
aisle entity
aisle object
aisle passage
aisle way
aisle whole
aisle area
aisle artifact
aisle entity
aisle object
aisle structure
aisle whole
alabaster abstraction
alabaster chemical
alabaster compound
alabaster entity
alabaster material
alabaster matter
alabaster mineral
alabaster part
alabaster relation
alabaster salt
alabaster substance
alabaster abstraction
alabaster entity
alabaster material
alabaster matter
alabaster mineral
alabaster part
alabaster relation
alabaster spar
alabaster substance
alabaster abstraction
alabaster attribute
alabaster color
alabaster entity
alabaster property
alabaster white
alarm abstraction
alarm attribute
alarm emotion
alarm entity
alarm fear
alarm feeling
alarm state
alarm artifact
alarm device
alarm entity
alarm instrumentality
alarm object
alarm whole
alarm abstraction
alarm communication
alarm entity
alarm signal
alarm act
alarm communicate
alarm inform
alarm interact
alarm warn
albatross abstraction
albatross cognition
albatross difficulty
albatross entity
albatross hindrance
albatross animal
albatross bird
albatross entity
albatross object
albatross organism
albatross seabird
albatross vertebrate
albatross whole
albino anomaly
albino entity
albino object
albino organism
albino person
albino whole
album artifact
album entity
album instrumentality
album medium
album object
album whole
album artifact
album book
album creation
album entity
album object
album product
album whole
alchemist entity
alchemist intellectual
alchemist object
alchemist organism
alchemist person
alchemist whole
alchemy abstraction
alchemy cognition
alchemy content
alchemy entity
alchemy fallacy
alchemy idea
alchemy pseudoscience
alcohol abstraction
alcohol agent
alcohol beverage
alcohol drug
alcohol entity
alcohol fluid
alcohol food
alcohol liquid
alcohol matter
alcohol part
alcohol relation
alcohol substance
alcohol abstraction
alcohol entity
alcohol fluid
alcohol liquid
alcohol matter
alcohol part
alcohol relation
alcohol substance
alcoholic consumer
alcoholic drinker
alcoholic drunkard
alcoholic entity
alcoholic object
alcoholic organism
alcoholic person
alcoholic user
alcoholic whole
alcoholism abstraction
alcoholism addiction
alcoholism attribute
alcoholism condition
alcoholism entity
alcoholism state
ale abstraction
ale agent
ale alcohol
ale beer
ale beverage
ale brew
ale drug
ale entity
ale fluid
ale food
ale liquid
ale matter
ale part
ale relation
ale substance
alehouse artifact
alehouse building
alehouse entity
alehouse object
alehouse structure
alehouse tavern
alehouse whole
alert abstraction
alert attribute
alert entity
alert readiness
alert state
alert abstraction
alert act
alert entity
alert event
alert warning
alertness abstraction
alertness arousal
alertness attribute
alertness condition
alertness entity
alertness state
alertness abstraction
alertness attentiveness
alertness attribute
alertness entity
alertness trait
algebra abstraction
algebra cognition
algebra content
algebra discipline
algebra entity
algebra mathematics
algebra science
algorithm abstraction
algorithm act
algorithm activity
algorithm entity
algorithm event
algorithm procedure
algorithm rule
alias abstraction
alias entity
alias name
alias part
alias relation
alibi abstraction
alibi communication
alibi defense
alibi entity
alibi explanation
alibi justification
alibi message
alibi statement
alibi affirm
alibi confirm
alibi excuse
alibi justify
alibi uphold
alien transfer
alienate affect
alienation abstraction
alienation attribute
alienation dislike
alienation entity
alienation feeling
alienation state
alienation abstraction
alienation attribute
alienation entity
alienation isolation
alienation separation
alienation state
alienation abstraction
alienation act
alienation entity
alienation event
alienation transaction
alienation transfer
alienation abstraction
alienation act
alienation action
alienation entity
alienation event
alight arrive
alight land
alight descend
alight travel
align change
align equal
align match
align evaluate
align stand
align think
align adjust
align change
alignment abstraction
alignment entity
alignment placement
alignment position
alignment relation
alignment abstraction
alignment act
alignment activity
alignment adjustment
alignment calibration
alignment entity
alignment event
alkaloid abstraction
alkaloid chemical
alkaloid compound
alkaloid entity
alkaloid material
alkaloid matter
alkaloid part
alkaloid relation
alkaloid substance
allegation abstraction
allegation accusation
allegation charge
allegation communication
allegation entity
allegation message
allegation pleading
allegation statement
allegation abstraction
allegation assertion
allegation claim
allegation communication
allegation declaration
allegation entity
allegation message
allegation statement
allege assert
allege insist
allegiance abstraction
allegiance attribute
allegiance entity
allegiance fidelity
allegiance loyalty
allegiance quality
allegory abstraction
allegory communication
allegory entity
allergy abstraction
allergy attribute
allergy condition
allergy entity
allergy sensitivity
allergy state
allergy susceptibility
alley artifact
alley entity
alley object
alley road
alley street
alley thoroughfare
alley way
alley whole
alliance abstraction
alliance attribute
alliance coalition
alliance entity
alliance state
alliance union
alliance abstraction
alliance connection
alliance entity
alliance relation
alliance abstraction
alliance entity
alliance group
alliance organization
alliance abstraction
alliance agreement
alliance communication
alliance document
alliance entity
alliance message
alliance statement
alliance treaty
alliance writing
allies abstraction
allies alliance
allies entity
allies group
allies organization
allies abstraction
allies alliance
allies entity
allies group
allies organization
allies abstraction
allies alliance
allies entity
allies group
allies organization
alligator abstraction
alligator entity
alligator leather
alligator material
alligator matter
alligator part
alligator relation
alligator substance
alligator animal
alligator entity
alligator object
alligator organism
alligator reptile
alligator vertebrate
alligator whole
alligator change
alligator crack
alliteration abstraction
alliteration communication
alliteration entity
alliteration form
alliteration rhyme
allocate assign
allocate distribute
allocate give
allocate transfer
allocation abstraction
allocation act
allocation assignment
allocation distribution
allocation entity
allocation event
allotment abstraction
allotment assets
allotment entity
allotment possession
allotment relation
allotment share
allotment abstraction
allotment act
allotment distribution
allotment entity
allotment event
allow give
allow transfer
allow assign
allow distribute
allow give
allow transfer
allow calculate
allow evaluate
allow think
allow change
allow decrease
allow discount
allow reduce
allow shave
allow accept
allow act
allow permit
allow react
allowance abstraction
allowance assets
allowance entity
allowance possession
allowance relation
allowance share
allowance abstraction
allowance compensation
allowance cost
allowance entity
allowance payment
allowance possession
allowance reimbursement
allowance relation
allowance abstraction
allowance cost
allowance entity
allowance payment
allowance possession
allowance relation
allowance abstraction
allowance attribute
allowance difference
allowance discrepancy
allowance entity
allowance quality
allowance abstraction
allowance act
allowance authorization
allowance entity
allowance event
allowance license
allowance management
allowance allow
allowance give
allowance transfer
alloy abstraction
alloy entity
alloy matter
alloy mixture
alloy part
alloy relation
alloy substance
alloy blend
alloy change
allspice entity
allspice object
allspice organism
allspice plant
allspice tree
allspice whole
allspice entity
allspice object
allspice organism
allspice plant
allspice shrub
allspice whole
allspice entity
allspice food
allspice foodstuff
allspice ingredient
allspice matter
allspice spice
allspice substance
allude act
allude communicate
allude convey
allude hint
allude impart
allude inform
allude interact
allude tell
allure abstraction
allure attraction
allure attribute
allure entity
allure quality
allusion abstraction
allusion communication
allusion entity
allusion mention
allusion message
allusion remark
allusion statement
ally abstraction
ally entity
ally group
ally organization
ally state
ally unit
ally associate
ally entity
ally object
ally organism
ally peer
ally person
ally whole
ally act
ally consort
ally interact
almanac annual
almanac artifact
almanac book
almanac creation
almanac entity
almanac object
almanac product
almanac publication
almanac whole
almanac work
almanac annual
almanac artifact
almanac book
almanac creation
almanac entity
almanac object
almanac product
almanac publication
almanac whole
almanac work
almond entity
almond object
almond organism
almond plant
almond tree
almond whole
almond entity
almond fruit
almond nut
almond object
almond seed
almond whole
aloha abstraction
aloha communication
aloha entity
aloha message
aloneness abstraction
aloneness attribute
aloneness disposition
aloneness entity
aloneness nature
aloneness trait
alpha abstraction
alpha character
alpha communication
alpha entity
alpha letter
alpha signal
alpha symbol
alpha abstraction
alpha beginning
alpha entity
alpha event
alpha happening
alpha start
alphabet abstraction
alphabet communication
alphabet database
alphabet entity
alphabet information
alphabet list
alphabet message
alphabet orthography
alphabet script
alphabet writing
alphabetization abstraction
alphabetization act
alphabetization activity
alphabetization entity
alphabetization event
alphabetization order
alphabetization organization
alphabetize arrange
alphabetize move
alphabetize put
alphabetize give
alphabetize supply
alphabetize transfer
altar artifact
altar entity
altar furnishing
altar furniture
altar instrumentality
altar object
altar table
altar whole
altar artifact
altar entity
altar object
altar structure
altar whole
altarpiece artifact
altarpiece entity
altarpiece object
altarpiece partition
altarpiece screen
altarpiece structure
altarpiece whole
alter change
alter sterilize
alter treat
alteration abstraction
alteration act
alteration action
alteration change
alteration entity
alteration event
alternate change
alternate appoint
alternate delegate
alternate exchange
alternate transfer
alternate act
alternation abstraction
alternation act
alternation activity
alternation entity
alternation event
alternation order
alternation organization
alternation succession
alternator artifact
alternator device
alternator engine
alternator entity
alternator generator
alternator instrumentality
alternator machine
alternator motor
alternator object
alternator whole
altitude abstraction
altitude distance
altitude elevation
altitude entity
altitude placement
altitude position
altitude relation
altitude spacing
altitude abstraction
altitude attribute
altitude distance
altitude entity
altitude magnitude
altitude property
altitude size
alto entertainer
alto entity
alto musician
alto object
alto organism
alto performer
alto person
alto singer
alto whole
alto abstraction
alto attribute
alto entity
alto pitch
alto property
alto abstraction
alto attribute
alto entity
alto pitch
alto property
altruism abstraction
altruism attribute
altruism entity
altruism generosity
altruism good
altruism kindness
altruism morality
altruism quality
alum abstraction
alum aluminum
alum chemical
alum compound
alum entity
alum material
alum matter
alum mixture
alum part
alum relation
alum salt
alum solution
alum substance
alum abstraction
alum aluminum
alum chemical
alum compound
alum entity
alum material
alum matter
alum mixture
alum part
alum relation
alum salt
alum solution
alum substance
alum agent
alum astringent
alum drug
alum entity
alum matter
alum medicine
alum substance
aluminum abstraction
aluminum entity
aluminum matter
aluminum part
aluminum relation
aluminum substance
amateur entity
amateur object
amateur organism
amateur person
amateur whole
amateur athlete
amateur contestant
amateur entity
amateur object
amateur organism
amateur person
amateur whole
amaze affect
amaze surprise
ambassador diplomat
ambassador entity
ambassador object
ambassador official
ambassador organism
ambassador person
ambassador whole
ambassador worker
ambassador advocate
ambassador entity
ambassador object
ambassador organism
ambassador person
ambassador spokesperson
ambassador whole
amber abstraction
amber attribute
amber color
amber entity
amber property
amber yellow
amber abstraction
amber chemical
amber compound
amber entity
amber material
amber matter
amber part
amber relation
amber resin
amber substance
ambiance entity
ambiance environment
ambiance location
ambiance object
ambiance region
ambidexterity abstraction
ambidexterity attribute
ambidexterity entity
ambidexterity property
ambiguity abstraction
ambiguity communication
ambiguity entity
ambiguity saying
ambiguity speech
ambiguity abstraction
ambiguity attribute
ambiguity entity
ambiguity quality
ambition abstraction
ambition attribute
ambition desire
ambition entity
ambition feeling
ambition state
ambition abstraction
ambition attribute
ambition drive
ambition entity
ambition trait
ambition desire
ambivalence abstraction
ambivalence attribute
ambivalence entity
ambivalence feeling
ambivalence state
ambulance artifact
ambulance car
ambulance container
ambulance conveyance
ambulance entity
ambulance instrumentality
ambulance object
ambulance vehicle
ambulance whole
ambush abstraction
ambush act
ambush activity
ambush attack
ambush entity
ambush event
ambush operation
ambush wait
amen abstraction
amen belief
amen cognition
amen content
amen deity
amen entity
amend act
amend communicate
amend interact
amend revise
amend rewrite
amend write
amendment abstraction
amendment act
amendment action
amendment change
amendment correction
amendment entity
amendment event
amendment improvement
amendment abstraction
amendment communication
amendment entity
amendment message
amendment statement
amethyst abstraction
amethyst crystal
amethyst entity
amethyst gem
amethyst material
amethyst matter
amethyst mineral
amethyst part
amethyst quartz
amethyst relation
amethyst solid
amethyst substance
amicability abstraction
amicability attribute
amicability entity
amicability feeling
amicability friendliness
amicability liking
amicability state
amicability abstraction
amicability attribute
amicability disposition
amicability entity
amicability friendliness
amicability nature
amicability trait
amigo entity
amigo friend
amigo object
amigo organism
amigo person
amigo whole
amino entity
amino group
amino thing
amino unit
ammonia abstraction
ammonia chemical
ammonia compound
ammonia entity
ammonia material
ammonia matter
ammonia part
ammonia relation
ammonia substance
ammonium abstraction
ammonium ammonia
ammonium chemical
ammonium compound
ammonium entity
ammonium material
ammonium matter
ammonium part
ammonium relation
ammonium substance
ammunition artifact
ammunition entity
ammunition instrumentality
ammunition object
ammunition weaponry
ammunition whole
ammunition abstraction
ammunition entity
ammunition material
ammunition matter
ammunition part
ammunition relation
ammunition substance
ammunition abstraction
ammunition communication
ammunition entity
ammunition information
ammunition message
amnesty abstraction
amnesty attribute
amnesty condition
amnesty entity
amnesty exemption
amnesty state
amnesty abstraction
amnesty act
amnesty allowance
amnesty authorization
amnesty entity
amnesty event
amnesty license
amnesty management
amnesty tolerance
amnesty agree
amnesty forgive
amnesty pardon
amount abstraction
amount attribute
amount entity
amount magnitude
amount property
amphetamine agent
amphetamine drug
amphetamine entity
amphetamine matter
amphetamine stimulant
amphetamine substance
amphibian artifact
amphibian container
amphibian conveyance
amphibian entity
amphibian instrumentality
amphibian object
amphibian vehicle
amphibian whole
amphibian aircraft
amphibian airplane
amphibian artifact
amphibian conveyance
amphibian craft
amphibian entity
amphibian instrumentality
amphibian object
amphibian vehicle
amphibian whole
amphibian animal
amphibian entity
amphibian object
amphibian organism
amphibian vertebrate
amphibian whole
amphitheater artifact
amphitheater balcony
amphitheater entity
amphitheater gallery
amphitheater object
amphitheater structure
amphitheater whole
amphitheater artifact
amphitheater entity
amphitheater object
amphitheater stadium
amphitheater structure
amphitheater whole
amplification abstraction
amplification act
amplification action
amplification change
amplification entity
amplification event
amplification expansion
amplification increase
amplification abstraction
amplification amount
amplification attribute
amplification entity
amplification increase
amplification magnitude
amplification property
amplification abstraction
amplification act
amplification action
amplification change
amplification entity
amplification event
amplification increase
amplifier artifact
amplifier entity
amplifier equipment
amplifier instrumentality
amplifier object
amplifier whole
amplify change
amplify increase
amplify intensify
amplitude abstraction
amplitude entity
amplitude event
amplitude happening
amplitude movement
amplitude shift
amplitude translation
amplitude abstraction
amplitude abundance
amplitude amount
amplitude attribute
amplitude entity
amplitude magnitude
amplitude property
amplitude quantity
amplitude abstraction
amplitude attribute
amplitude entity
amplitude magnitude
amplitude property
amputation abstraction
amputation attribute
amputation condition
amputation disability
amputation entity
amputation state
amputation abstraction
amputation act
amputation activity
amputation entity
amputation event
amputation operation
amputation procedure
amulet charm
amulet entity
amulet object
amuse act
amuse entertain
amuse interact
amuse socialize
amuse cheer
amusement abstraction
amusement attribute
amusement delight
amusement entity
amusement feeling
amusement pleasure
amusement state
anaconda animal
anaconda boa
anaconda entity
anaconda object
anaconda organism
anaconda reptile
anaconda snake
anaconda vertebrate
anaconda whole
anagram abstraction
anagram entity
anagram part
anagram relation
anagram word
anagram interpret
anagram read
anagram understand
analogue abstraction
analogue attribute
analogue entity
analogue quality
analogue sameness
analogue similarity
analogy abstraction
analogy cognition
analogy entity
analogy inference
analogy process
analogy reasoning
analogy thinking
analogy abstraction
analogy act
analogy activity
analogy comparison
analogy entity
analogy event
analogy examination
analogy investigation
analogy work
analysis abstraction
analysis act
analysis activity
analysis entity
analysis event
analysis investigation
analysis work
analysis abstraction
analysis cognition
analysis entity
analysis process
analysis reasoning
analysis thinking
analysis abstraction
analysis communication
analysis criticism
analysis entity
analysis writing
analysis abstraction
analysis communication
analysis entity
analysis abstraction
analysis calculus
analysis cognition
analysis content
analysis discipline
analysis entity
analysis mathematics
analysis science
analyst entity
analyst expert
analyst object
analyst organism
analyst person
analyst whole
analyst entity
analyst expert
analyst object
analyst organism
analyst person
analyst whole
analyst adult
analyst doctor
analyst entity
analyst object
analyst organism
analyst person
analyst professional
analyst psychiatrist
analyst specialist
analyst whole
analyze treat
anarchism abstraction
anarchism attitude
anarchism cognition
anarchism entity
anarchism orientation
anarchist entity
anarchist object
anarchist organism
anarchist person
anarchist radical
anarchist whole
anarchy abstraction
anarchy attribute
anarchy disorder
anarchy entity
anarchy state
anatomy abstraction
anatomy biology
anatomy cognition
anatomy content
anatomy discipline
anatomy entity
anatomy science
anatomy abstraction
anatomy act
anatomy activity
anatomy analysis
anatomy entity
anatomy event
anatomy investigation
anatomy work
ancestor entity
ancestor object
ancestor organism
ancestor person
ancestor relative
ancestor whole
ancestry abstraction
ancestry attribute
ancestry entity
ancestry heredity
ancestry inheritance
ancestry property
anchor artifact
anchor device
anchor entity
anchor hook
anchor instrumentality
anchor mechanism
anchor object
anchor whole
anchor abstraction
anchor cognition
anchor entity
anchor influence
anchor support
anchor entity
anchor object
anchor organism
anchor person
anchor reporter
anchor whole
anchor attach
anchor connect
anchor fasten
anchor attach
anchor connect
anchor fasten
anchorage abstraction
anchorage attribute
anchorage condition
anchorage entity
anchorage state
anchorage abstraction
anchorage charge
anchorage cost
anchorage entity
anchorage fee
anchorage possession
anchorage relation
anchorage area
anchorage entity
anchorage location
anchorage object
anchorage region
anchorage abstraction
anchorage act
anchorage action
anchorage arrival
anchorage entity
anchorage event
anchovy entity
anchovy fish
anchovy food
anchovy matter
anchovy solid
anchovy animal
anchovy entity
anchovy fish
anchovy object
anchovy organism
anchovy vertebrate
anchovy whole
ancient adult
ancient entity
ancient object
ancient organism
ancient person
ancient whole
ancient entity
ancient object
ancient organism
ancient person
ancient whole
android artifact
android device
android entity
android instrumentality
android mechanism
android object
android whole
anecdote abstraction
anecdote act
anecdote entity
anecdote event
anecdote report
anemia abstraction
anemia attribute
anemia condition
anemia entity
anemia state
anemia abstraction
anemia cognition
anemia entity
anemia evidence
anemia information
anemia symptom
anemia abstraction
anemia entity
anemia genus
anemia group
anesthesia abstraction
anesthesia attribute
anesthesia condition
anesthesia entity
anesthesia state
anesthesiologist adult
anesthesiologist doctor
anesthesiologist entity
anesthesiologist object
anesthesiologist organism
anesthesiologist person
anesthesiologist professional
anesthesiologist specialist
anesthesiologist whole
anesthetic agent
anesthetic drug
anesthetic entity
anesthetic matter
anesthetic substance
angel abstraction
angel belief
angel cognition
angel content
angel entity
angel benefactor
angel entity
angel object
angel organism
angel patron
angel person
angel whole
anger abstraction
anger attribute
anger emotion
anger entity
anger feeling
anger state
anger abstraction
anger arousal
anger attribute
anger condition
anger entity
anger state
anger arouse
anger make
anger feel
angioplasty abstraction
angioplasty act
angioplasty activity
angioplasty entity
angioplasty event
angioplasty operation
angioplasty procedure
angle abstraction
angle attribute
angle entity
angle location
angle object
angle shape
angle space
angle entity
angle inhabitant
angle object
angle organism
angle person
angle whole
angle travel
angle catch
angle fish
angle seize
angle take
angling abstraction
angling act
angling activity
angling diversion
angling entity
angling event
angling fishing
angling sport
angst abstraction
angst anxiety
angst attribute
angst emotion
angst entity
angst feeling
angst state
anguish abstraction
anguish attribute
anguish distress
anguish entity
anguish feeling
anguish pain
anguish state
anguish abstraction
anguish adversity
anguish attribute
anguish condition
anguish distress
anguish entity
anguish fortune
anguish misfortune
anguish state
anguish feel
anguish suffer
animal entity
animal object
animal organism
animal whole
animate affect
animate change
animate stimulate
animation abstraction
animation attribute
animation being
animation entity
animation state
animation abstraction
animation attribute
animation entity
animation property
animation abstraction
animation activeness
animation attribute
animation entity
animation trait
animation abstraction
animation act
animation activity
animation entity
animation event
animation photography
animation representation
animator entity
animator object
animator organism
animator person
animator technician
animator whole
animator worker
animosity abstraction
animosity attribute
animosity emotion
animosity entity
animosity feeling
animosity hate
animosity hostility
animosity state
ankle entity
ankle joint
ankle part
ankle thing
annex addition
annex component
annex entity
annex object
annex part
annex assume
annex take
annex append
annex attach
annex connect
annexation abstraction
annexation act
annexation action
annexation change
annexation entity
annexation event
annexation inclusion
annexation incorporation
annexation increase
annexation abstraction
annexation acquisition
annexation act
annexation entity
annexation event
annihilation abstraction
annihilation act
annihilation action
annihilation change
annihilation destruction
annihilation entity
annihilation event
annihilation termination
annihilation abstraction
annihilation destruction
annihilation ending
annihilation entity
annihilation event
annihilation happening
anniversary abstraction
anniversary day
anniversary entity
anniversary measure
annotate make
annotate write
annotation abstraction
annotation act
annotation action
annotation change
annotation entity
annotation event
annotation expansion
annotation increase
announce act
announce communicate
announce inform
announce interact
announce express
announce state
announce denote
announce mean
announce name
announce act
announce communicate
announce inform
announce interact
announce tell
announcement abstraction
announcement communication
announcement entity
announcement message
announcement statement
announcement abstraction
announcement communication
announcement entity
announcement message
announcement statement
announcer entity
announcer object
announcer organism
announcer person
announcer whole
announcer broadcaster
announcer entity
announcer object
announcer organism
announcer person
announcer whole
annoyance abstraction
annoyance anger
annoyance attribute
annoyance emotion
annoyance entity
annoyance feeling
annoyance state
annoyance abstraction
annoyance cognition
annoyance entity
annoyance information
annoyance stimulation
annoyance abstraction
annoyance act
annoyance activity
annoyance entity
annoyance event
annoyance practice
annual entity
annual object
annual organism
annual plant
annual whole
annual artifact
annual book
annual creation
annual entity
annual object
annual product
annual publication
annual whole
annual work
annulment abstraction
annulment act
annulment action
annulment change
annulment dissolution
annulment entity
annulment event
annulment termination
anomaly abnormality
anomaly abstraction
anomaly attribute
anomaly condition
anomaly entity
anomaly state
anomaly entity
anomaly object
anomaly organism
anomaly person
anomaly whole
anomaly entity
anomaly location
anomaly object
anomaly point
anomaly position
anorexia abstraction
anorexia attribute
anorexia condition
anorexia disorder
anorexia entity
anorexia state
answer abstraction
answer communication
answer entity
answer message
answer statement
answer abstraction
answer act
answer entity
answer event
answer reply
answer abstraction
answer communication
answer entity
answer message
answer pleading
answer statement
answer entity
answer process
answer reaction
answer express
answer state
answer act
answer react
answer solve
answer understand
answer solve
answer understand
answer evaluate
answer refute
answer reject
answer think
answer be
answer equal
answer match
answer give
answer meet
answer provide
answer transfer
answer act
answer react
ant animal
ant entity
ant insect
ant invertebrate
ant object
ant organism
ant whole
antagonism abstraction
antagonism entity
antagonism opposition
antagonism relation
antagonism abstraction
antagonism attribute
antagonism dislike
antagonism emotion
antagonism entity
antagonism feeling
antagonism hate
antagonism hostility
antagonism state
antagonism abstraction
antagonism act
antagonism entity
antagonism event
antagonism hindrance
antagonist entity
antagonist muscle
antagonist organ
antagonist part
antagonist thing
antagonist agent
antagonist drug
antagonist entity
antagonist matter
antagonist substance
antagonize annoy
antagonize act
ante abstraction
ante assets
ante entity
ante gamble
ante investment
ante possession
ante relation
ante speculation
ante stake
ante bet
ante compete
ante gamble
ante play
anteater animal
anteater entity
anteater mammal
anteater object
anteater organism
anteater vertebrate
anteater whole
antelope animal
antelope entity
antelope mammal
antelope object
antelope organism
antelope vertebrate
antelope whole
antenna artifact
antenna device
antenna entity
antenna instrumentality
antenna object
antenna whole
antenna ability
antenna abstraction
antenna attribute
antenna entity
antenna quality
antenna sensitivity
antenna entity
antenna part
antenna process
antenna tentacle
antenna thing
anthem abstraction
anthem communication
anthem entity
anthem music
anthem song
anthology artifact
anthology collection
anthology creation
anthology entity
anthology object
anthology product
anthology publication
anthology whole
anthology work
anthropologist entity
anthropologist object
anthropologist organism
anthropologist person
anthropologist scientist
anthropologist whole
anthropology abstraction
anthropology cognition
anthropology content
anthropology discipline
anthropology entity
anthropology science
anti entity
anti object
anti organism
anti person
anti whole
antibiotic agent
antibiotic drug
antibiotic entity
antibiotic matter
antibiotic medicine
antibiotic substance
antibody abstraction
antibody chemical
antibody compound
antibody entity
antibody material
antibody matter
antibody molecule
antibody part
antibody protein
antibody relation
antibody substance
antibody thing
antibody unit
antic abstraction
antic act
antic activity
antic diversion
antic entity
antic event
anticipate act
anticipate know
anticipate expect
anticipate happen
anticipation abstraction
anticipation attribute
anticipation entity
anticipation expectation
anticipation feeling
anticipation state
anticipation abstraction
anticipation belief
anticipation cognition
anticipation content
anticipation entity
anticipation expectation
anticipation abstraction
anticipation attribute
anticipation condition
anticipation entity
anticipation state
antidepressant agent
antidepressant drug
antidepressant entity
antidepressant matter
antidepressant medicine
antidepressant substance
antidote agent
antidote drug
antidote entity
antidote matter
antidote medicine
antidote remedy
antidote substance
antimatter entity
antimatter matter
antioxidant entity
antioxidant inhibitor
antioxidant matter
antioxidant substance
antipathy abstraction
antipathy attribute
antipathy dislike
antipathy entity
antipathy feeling
antipathy state
antipathy abstraction
antipathy cognition
antipathy content
antipathy entity
antipathy object
antique antiquity
antique artifact
antique entity
antique object
antique whole
antique search
antique shop
antique change
antiquity abstraction
antiquity entity
antiquity era
antiquity measure
antiquity artifact
antiquity entity
antiquity object
antiquity whole
antithesis abstraction
antithesis entity
antithesis opposition
antithesis relation
antithesis abstraction
antithesis communication
antithesis device
antithesis entity
antiviral agent
antiviral drug
antiviral entity
antiviral matter
antiviral medicine
antiviral substance
antonym abstraction
antonym entity
antonym part
antonym relation
antonym word
anus entity
anus orifice
anus part
anus passage
anus structure
anus thing
anvil artifact
anvil block
anvil entity
anvil object
anvil whole
anxiety abstraction
anxiety attribute
anxiety condition
anxiety entity
anxiety state
anxiety abstraction
anxiety attribute
anxiety emotion
anxiety entity
anxiety feeling
anxiety state
aorta artery
aorta entity
aorta part
aorta structure
aorta thing
aorta tube
aorta vessel
apache entity
apache object
apache organism
apache person
apache whole
apache criminal
apache entity
apache gangster
apache object
apache organism
apache person
apache principal
apache whole
apache abstraction
apache communication
apache entity
apache language
apartment artifact
apartment entity
apartment housing
apartment object
apartment structure
apartment whole
apathy abstraction
apathy attribute
apathy entity
apathy feeling
apathy state
apathy abstraction
apathy attribute
apathy entity
apathy trait
ape animal
ape entity
ape mammal
ape object
ape organism
ape primate
ape vertebrate
ape whole
ape equal
ape imitate
ape match
ape resemble
apex entity
apex location
apex object
apex point
aphid animal
aphid entity
aphid insect
aphid invertebrate
aphid object
aphid organism
aphid whole
apocalypse abstraction
apocalypse calamity
apocalypse entity
apocalypse event
apocalypse happening
apocalypse misfortune
apocalypse trouble
apologist advocate
apologist entity
apologist object
apologist organism
apologist person
apologist whole
apologize argue
apologize defend
apologize express
apologize present
apologize state
apology abstraction
apology communication
apology entity
apology message
apology abstraction
apology communication
apology defense
apology entity
apology explanation
apology justification
apology message
apology statement
apology abstraction
apology cognition
apology entity
apology example
apology information
apostle advocate
apostle believer
apostle entity
apostle object
apostle organism
apostle person
apostle supporter
apostle whole
apostle entity
apostle object
apostle organism
apostle person
apostle whole
apostle disciple
apostle entity
apostle follower
apostle object
apostle organism
apostle person
apostle whole
apostrophe abstraction
apostrophe communication
apostrophe device
apostrophe entity
apostrophe abstraction
apostrophe communication
apostrophe entity
apostrophe mark
apostrophe punctuation
apostrophe signal
apostrophe symbol
apparatus artifact
apparatus entity
apparatus equipment
apparatus instrumentality
apparatus object
apparatus whole
apparatus entity
apparatus part
apparatus thing
apparel artifact
apparel clothing
apparel commodity
apparel covering
apparel entity
apparel object
apparel whole
apparition abstraction
apparition belief
apparition cognition
apparition content
apparition entity
apparition spirit
apparition abstraction
apparition appearance
apparition entity
apparition event
apparition happening
apparition abstraction
apparition appearance
apparition cognition
apparition content
apparition entity
apparition illusion
apparition representation
apparition abstraction
apparition act
apparition action
apparition appearance
apparition arrival
apparition entity
apparition event
appeal abstraction
appeal appearance
appeal attractiveness
appeal attribute
appeal beauty
appeal entity
appeal quality
appeal abstraction
appeal act
appeal entity
appeal event
appeal proceeding
appeal ask
appeal challenge
appeal communicate
appeal convey
appeal invite
appeal move
appeal request
appeal transfer
appeal communicate
appeal convey
appeal move
appeal request
appeal transfer
appeal challenge
appeal disapprove
appeal evaluate
appeal object
appeal think
appear happen
appear be
appear perform
appearance abstraction
appearance attribute
appearance entity
appearance quality
appearance abstraction
appearance entity
appearance event
appearance happening
appearance abstraction
appearance act
appearance attendance
appearance entity
appearance event
appearance abstraction
appearance cognition
appearance content
appearance entity
appearance representation
appearance abstraction
appearance act
appearance action
appearance arrival
appearance entity
appearance event
appearance abstraction
appearance act
appearance activity
appearance deception
appearance entity
appearance event
appearance falsification
appearance pretense
appeasement abstraction
appeasement act
appeasement entity
appeasement event
append attach
append connect
append attach
append connect
appendix abstraction
appendix addendum
appendix communication
appendix entity
appendix matter
appendix writing
appendix entity
appendix part
appendix process
appendix thing
appetite abstraction
appetite attribute
appetite desire
appetite entity
appetite feeling
appetite state
applause abstraction
applause approval
applause communication
applause entity
applause message
apple entity
apple food
apple fruit
apple matter
apple object
apple produce
apple solid
apple whole
apple entity
apple object
apple organism
apple plant
apple tree
apple whole
appliance artifact
appliance device
appliance entity
appliance instrumentality
appliance object
appliance whole
appliance artifact
appliance commodity
appliance entity
appliance object
appliance whole
applicability abstraction
applicability connection
applicability entity
applicability relation
applicability relevance
applicant entity
applicant object
applicant organism
applicant person
applicant whole
application abstraction
application act
application activity
application entity
application event
application use
application abstraction
application communication
application entity
application message
application request
application abstraction
application act
application activity
application entity
application event
application labor
application work
application abstraction
application code
application communication
application entity
application program
application software
application writing
application abstraction
application act
application activity
application effort
application entity
application event
application labor
application work
application abstraction
application act
application action
application entity
application event
apply refer
apply communicate
apply convey
apply move
apply request
apply transfer
apply denote
apply mean
apply give
apply use
appoint cause
appoint establish
appoint initiate
appoint make
appoint equip
appoint give
appoint supply
appoint transfer
appointee entity
appointee object
appointee official
appointee organism
appointee person
appointee whole
appointee worker
appointee entity
appointee object
appointee organism
appointee person
appointee whole
appointment abstraction
appointment act
appointment action
appointment choice
appointment decision
appointment entity
appointment event
appointment artifact
appointment entity
appointment furnishing
appointment instrumentality
appointment object
appointment whole
appointment abstraction
appointment act
appointment activity
appointment entity
appointment event
appointment occupation
appointment abstraction
appointment act
appointment disposal
appointment entity
appointment event
appraisal abstraction
appraisal classification
appraisal cognition
appraisal entity
appraisal process
appraisal abstraction
appraisal communication
appraisal document
appraisal entity
appraisal writing
appraisal abstraction
appraisal act
appraisal entity
appraisal estimate
appraisal event
appraisal judgment
appreciate acknowledge
appreciate act
appreciate communicate
appreciate convey
appreciate impart
appreciate inform
appreciate interact
appreciate tell
appreciate thank
appreciate understand
appreciate change
appreciate increase
appreciate evaluate
appreciate measure
appreciate rate
appreciate think
appreciation abstraction
appreciation cognition
appreciation entity
appreciation knowing
appreciation process
appreciation understanding
appreciation abstraction
appreciation communication
appreciation entity
appreciation message
appreciation thanks
appreciation abstraction
appreciation act
appreciation action
appreciation change
appreciation entity
appreciation event
appreciation increase
apprehend anticipate
apprehend expect
apprehension abstraction
apprehension attribute
apprehension emotion
apprehension entity
apprehension fear
apprehension feeling
apprehension state
apprehension abstraction
apprehension belief
apprehension cognition
apprehension content
apprehension entity
apprehension expectation
apprehension abstraction
apprehension act
apprehension capture
apprehension entity
apprehension event
apprentice entity
apprentice novice
apprentice object
apprentice organism
apprentice person
apprentice whole
apprentice learn
apprentice train
apprenticeship abstraction
apprenticeship act
apprenticeship activity
apprenticeship entity
apprenticeship event
apprenticeship occupation
apprenticeship position
approach abstraction
approach act
approach activity
approach creation
approach entity
approach event
approach abstraction
approach act
approach action
approach change
approach entity
approach event
approach motion
approach abstraction
approach entity
approach event
approach happening
approach movement
approach abstraction
approach attribute
approach entity
approach property
approach timing
approach abstraction
approach attribute
approach entity
approach quality
approach sameness
approach similarity
approach abstraction
approach act
approach action
approach change
approach entity
approach event
approach maneuver
approach motion
approach stroke
approach come
approach travel
approach come
approach travel
approach address
approach come
approach travel
appropriate assume
appropriate take
appropriateness abstraction
appropriateness attribute
appropriateness entity
appropriateness propriety
appropriateness trait
appropriateness abstraction
appropriateness attribute
appropriateness entity
appropriateness quality
appropriateness suitability
appropriation abstraction
appropriation entity
appropriation measure
appropriation money
appropriation standard
appropriation abstraction
appropriation act
appropriation entity
appropriation event
approval abstraction
approval attribute
approval entity
approval feeling
approval liking
approval state
approval abstraction
approval acceptance
approval attribute
approval entity
approval situation
approval state
approval abstraction
approval communication
approval entity
approval message
approve accept
approve act
approve authorize
approve permit
approve react
approve evaluate
approve think
approximate equal
approximate match
approximate resemble
approximation abstraction
approximation attribute
approximation entity
approximation quality
approximation sameness
approximation similarity
approximation abstraction
approximation communication
approximation entity
approximation explanation
approximation interpretation
approximation message
approximation statement
approximation version
approximation abstraction
approximation act
approximation action
approximation change
approximation entity
approximation event
approximation joining
apricot entity
apricot object
apricot organism
apricot plant
apricot tree
apricot whole
apricot entity
apricot food
apricot fruit
apricot matter
apricot object
apricot produce
apricot solid
apricot whole
apron artifact
apron clothing
apron commodity
apron covering
apron entity
apron object
apron whole
apron entity
apron location
apron object
apron region
apron site
apron tract
apron artifact
apron entity
apron object
apron surface
apron whole
aptitude ability
aptitude abstraction
aptitude cognition
aptitude entity
aquaculture abstraction
aquaculture act
aquaculture commerce
aquaculture cultivation
aquaculture entity
aquaculture event
aquaculture industry
aquaculture production
aquaculture transaction
aquarium area
aquarium artifact
aquarium container
aquarium enclosure
aquarium entity
aquarium instrumentality
aquarium object
aquarium structure
aquarium tank
aquarium vessel
aquarium whole
aquatic entity
aquatic object
aquatic organism
aquatic plant
aquatic whole
aquifer entity
aquifer object
arbitration abstraction
arbitration communication
arbitration discussion
arbitration entity
arbitration mediation
arbitration negotiation
arbitration speech
arbitration abstraction
arbitration act
arbitration entity
arbitration event
arbitration judgment
arc abstraction
arc attribute
arc curve
arc entity
arc line
arc shape
arcade artifact
arcade entity
arcade object
arcade passage
arcade way
arcade whole
arcade artifact
arcade entity
arcade object
arcade structure
arcade whole
arch abstraction
arch attribute
arch curve
arch entity
arch line
arch shape
arch entity
arch part
arch structure
arch thing
arch access
arch artifact
arch entity
arch entrance
arch object
arch way
arch whole
arch artifact
arch entity
arch object
arch structure
arch whole
arch bend
arch change
archangel abstraction
archangel angel
archangel belief
archangel cognition
archangel content
archangel entity
archbishop abstraction
archbishop attribute
archbishop bishop
archbishop clergyman
archbishop entity
archbishop leader
archbishop object
archbishop organism
archbishop person
archbishop priest
archbishop state
archbishop status
archbishop whole
archdeacon clergyman
archdeacon entity
archdeacon leader
archdeacon object
archdeacon organism
archdeacon person
archdeacon whole
archduchess aristocrat
archduchess entity
archduchess leader
archduchess object
archduchess organism
archduchess person
archduchess princess
archduchess whole
archduke aristocrat
archduke entity
archduke leader
archduke object
archduke organism
archduke person
archduke prince
archduke whole
archer entity
archer expert
archer object
archer organism
archer person
archer whole
archery abstraction
archery act
archery activity
archery diversion
archery entity
archery event
archery sport
archipelago entity
archipelago land
archipelago object
architect creator
architect entity
architect object
architect organism
architect person
architect whole
architecture artifact
architecture building
architecture entity
architecture object
architecture structure
architecture whole
architecture abstraction
architecture cognition
architecture content
architecture discipline
architecture entity
architecture abstraction
architecture act
architecture activity
architecture entity
architecture event
architecture occupation
architecture profession
archive artifact
archive depository
archive entity
archive facility
archive object
archive whole
archive collect
archive have
archive keep
archive store
archives artifact
archives collection
archives creation
archives entity
archives object
archives product
archives publication
archives whole
archives work
arctic artifact
arctic covering
arctic entity
arctic footwear
arctic object
arctic whole
arduousness abstraction
arduousness attribute
arduousness difficulty
arduousness entity
arduousness quality
are abstraction
are entity
are measure
area entity
area location
area object
area region
area abstraction
area cognition
area content
area entity
area topic
area entity
area part
area thing
area artifact
area entity
area object
area structure
area whole
area abstraction
area attribute
area entity
area extent
area magnitude
area property
arena area
arena entity
arena location
arena object
arena region
arena entity
arena location
arena object
arena region
arena tract
argon abstraction
argon entity
argon fluid
argon gas
argon matter
argon part
argon relation
argon substance
argue express
argue present
argue state
argue act
argue communicate
argue converse
argue interact
argue talk
argue express
argue present
argue state
argument abstraction
argument communication
argument entity
argument evidence
argument indication
argument abstraction
argument communication
argument discussion
argument entity
argument speech
argument abstraction
argument communication
argument entity
argument message
argument statement
argument summary
argument abstraction
argument address
argument code
argument cognition
argument communication
argument concept
argument content
argument entity
argument idea
argument quantity
argument value
argument writing
argument abstraction
argument cognition
argument concept
argument content
argument entity
argument idea
argument quantity
argument variable
argumentation abstraction
argumentation cognition
argumentation entity
argumentation process
argumentation reasoning
argumentation thinking
aridity abstraction
aridity attribute
aridity condition
aridity dryness
aridity entity
aridity state
arise become
arise change
arise happen
aristocrat entity
aristocrat leader
aristocrat object
aristocrat organism
aristocrat person
aristocrat whole
arithmetic abstraction
arithmetic cognition
arithmetic content
arithmetic discipline
arithmetic entity
arithmetic mathematics
arithmetic science
ark artifact
ark boat
ark conveyance
ark craft
ark entity
ark instrumentality
ark object
ark vehicle
ark vessel
ark whole
arm entity
arm extremity
arm limb
arm part
arm thing
arm artifact
arm entity
arm object
arm projection
arm structure
arm whole
arm artifact
arm device
arm entity
arm instrumentality
arm object
arm rest
arm support
arm whole
arm give
arm supply
arm transfer
armada abstraction
armada collection
armada entity
armada fleet
armada group
armadillo animal
armadillo entity
armadillo mammal
armadillo object
armadillo organism
armadillo vertebrate
armadillo whole
armband abstraction
armband communication
armband entity
armband signal
armband artifact
armband band
armband entity
armband object
armband strip
armband whole
armchair artifact
armchair chair
armchair entity
armchair furnishing
armchair furniture
armchair instrumentality
armchair object
armchair seat
armchair whole
arming abstraction
arming act
arming entity
arming event
arming mobilization
armor artifact
armor covering
armor entity
armor object
armor whole
armor abstraction
armor entity
armor group
armor organization
armor unit
armor covering
armor entity
armor object
armor whole
armor equip
armor give
armor supply
armor transfer
armory ability
armory abstraction
armory cognition
armory creativity
armory entity
armory resource
armory artifact
armory entity
armory factory
armory object
armory plant
armory structure
armory whole
armpit cavity
armpit entity
armpit part
armpit structure
armpit thing
army abstraction
army entity
army force
army group
army organization
army abstraction
army crowd
army entity
army gathering
army group
aroma abstraction
aroma cognition
aroma entity
aroma perception
aroma process
aroma sensation
aroma smell
arousal abstraction
arousal act
arousal action
arousal change
arousal entity
arousal event
arousal abstraction
arousal attribute
arousal condition
arousal entity
arousal state
arousal abstraction
arousal attribute
arousal condition
arousal consciousness
arousal entity
arousal state
arousal wakefulness
arousal waking
arouse make
arouse move
arouse arouse
arouse make
arouse stimulate
arraignment abstraction
arraignment communication
arraignment document
arraignment entity
arraignment writing
arrange move
arrange put
arrange agree
arrange compose
arrange make
arrange control
arrange manage
arrange organize
arrangement abstraction
arrangement entity
arrangement group
arrangement abstraction
arrangement cognition
arrangement entity
arrangement structure
arrangement abstraction
arrangement act
arrangement activity
arrangement creation
arrangement entity
arrangement event
arranger artist
arranger creator
arranger entity
arranger musician
arranger object
arranger organism
arranger person
arranger whole
array abstraction
array arrangement
array entity
array group
array abstraction
array communication
array display
array entity
array artifact
array clothing
array commodity
array covering
array entity
array object
array whole
array antenna
array artifact
array device
array entity
array instrumentality
array object
array whole
arrest abstraction
arrest attribute
arrest entity
arrest inaction
arrest state
arrival abstraction
arrival accomplishment
arrival act
arrival action
arrival entity
arrival event
arrival abstraction
arrival act
arrival action
arrival entity
arrival event
arrival entity
arrival object
arrival organism
arrival person
arrival traveler
arrival whole
arrive succeed
arrogance abstraction
arrogance act
arrogance activity
arrogance entity
arrogance event
arrogance pride
arrogance sin
arrogance transgression
arrow abstraction
arrow communication
arrow entity
arrow mark
arrow signal
arrow symbol
arrow artifact
arrow device
arrow entity
arrow instrumentality
arrow instrument
arrow object
arrow projectile
arrow weapon
arrow whole
arrowhead end
arrowhead entity
arrowhead extremity
arrowhead location
arrowhead object
arrowhead point
arrowhead region
arsenal artifact
arsenal entity
arsenal instrumentality
arsenal object
arsenal weaponry
arsenal whole
arsenal artifact
arsenal entity
arsenal facility
arsenal object
arsenal whole
arsenic abstraction
arsenic chemical
arsenic compound
arsenic entity
arsenic material
arsenic matter
arsenic oxide
arsenic part
arsenic relation
arsenic substance
arsenic abstraction
arsenic entity
arsenic matter
arsenic part
arsenic relation
arsenic substance
arson abstraction
arson act
arson action
arson burning
arson change
arson entity
arson event
art artifact
art creation
art entity
art object
art whole
art abstraction
art act
art activity
art creation
art entity
art event
art ability
art abstraction
art cognition
art entity
artery entity
artery part
artery structure
artery thing
artery tube
artery vessel
artery artifact
artery entity
artery object
artery road
artery thoroughfare
artery way
artery whole
arthritis abstraction
arthritis attribute
arthritis condition
arthritis disease
arthritis entity
arthritis illness
arthritis state
artichoke entity
artichoke herb
artichoke object
artichoke organism
artichoke plant
artichoke vegetable
artichoke whole
artichoke entity
artichoke food
artichoke matter
artichoke produce
artichoke solid
artichoke vegetable
article abstraction
article artifact
article communication
article creation
article entity
article nonfiction
article object
article piece
article whole
article artifact
article entity
article object
article whole
article abstraction
article communication
article entity
article music
article section
article writing
article abstraction
article determiner
article entity
article part
article relation
article word
article act
article interact
article relate
articulation abstraction
articulation communication
articulation entity
articulation pronunciation
articulation utterance
articulation abstraction
articulation attribute
articulation connection
articulation entity
articulation shape
articulation abstraction
articulation act
articulation communication
articulation entity
articulation event
articulation expression
articulation abstraction
articulation act
articulation action
articulation change
articulation entity
articulation event
articulation joining
artifact entity
artifact object
artifact whole
artillery artifact
artillery entity
artillery instrumentality
artillery object
artillery weaponry
artillery whole
artillery abstraction
artillery entity
artillery group
artillery organization
artillery unit
artist creator
artist entity
artist object
artist organism
artist person
artist whole
artwork abstraction
artwork communication
artwork entity
asbestos abstraction
asbestos entity
asbestos material
asbestos matter
asbestos mineral
asbestos part
asbestos relation
asbestos substance
ascend travel
ascend make
ascend originate
ascend start
ascend succeed
ascend follow
ascend travel
ascend bend
ascend change
ascend lean
ascend slope
ascend change
ascendant abstraction
ascendant attribute
ascendant condition
ascendant dominance
ascendant entity
ascendant state
ascension abstraction
ascension day
ascension entity
ascension holiday
ascension measure
ascension abstraction
ascension entity
ascension event
ascension happening
ascension movement
ascent entity
ascent object
ascent slope
ascertain learn
asexuality abstraction
asexuality attribute
asexuality entity
asexuality property
ash entity
ash matter
ash residue
ash entity
ash object
ash organism
ash plant
ash tree
ash whole
ash abstraction
ash entity
ash material
ash matter
ash part
ash relation
ash substance
ash wood
ash change
aside abstraction
aside communication
aside entity
aside line
aside matter
aside text
aside writing
ask act
ask communicate
ask interact
ask communicate
ask convey
ask move
ask request
ask transfer
ask act
ask communicate
ask convey
ask express
ask impart
ask inform
ask interact
ask tell
ask communicate
ask convey
ask demand
ask move
ask request
ask transfer
ask act
ask address
ask communicate
ask interact
ask communicate
ask convey
ask demand
ask move
ask request
ask transfer
aspartame entity
aspartame food
aspartame foodstuff
aspartame ingredient
aspartame matter
aspartame substance
aspect abstraction
aspect cognition
aspect concept
aspect content
aspect entity
aspect feature
aspect idea
aspect property
aspect abstraction
aspect attribute
aspect characteristic
aspect entity
aspect quality
aspect abstraction
aspect entity
aspect relation
aspen entity
aspen object
aspen organism
aspen plant
aspen poplar
aspen tree
aspen whole
asphalt artifact
asphalt entity
asphalt object
asphalt whole
asphalt abstraction
asphalt entity
asphalt material
asphalt matter
asphalt mineral
asphalt part
asphalt relation
asphalt substance
asphalt coat
asphalt cover
asphalt pave
aspirate abstraction
aspirate consonant
aspirate entity
aspirate part
aspirate phone
aspirate relation
aspirate remove
aspirate pronounce
aspirate breathe
aspiration abstraction
aspiration ambition
aspiration attribute
aspiration drive
aspiration entity
aspiration trait
aspiration abstraction
aspiration articulation
aspiration communication
aspiration entity
aspiration pronunciation
aspiration utterance
aspirin abstraction
aspirin agent
aspirin chemical
aspirin compound
aspirin drug
aspirin entity
aspirin material
aspirin matter
aspirin medicine
aspirin part
aspirin relation
aspirin salt
aspirin substance
ass entity
ass fool
ass object
ass organism
ass person
ass simpleton
ass whole
ass animal
ass entity
ass mammal
ass object
ass organism
ass vertebrate
ass whole
assassin criminal
assassin entity
assassin killer
assassin murderer
assassin object
assassin organism
assassin person
assassin principal
assassin whole
assassin entity
assassin object
assassin organism
assassin person
assassin whole
assassination abstraction
assassination act
assassination action
assassination change
assassination entity
assassination event
assassination homicide
assassination killing
assassination murder
assassination termination
assault abstraction
assault act
assault battle
assault entity
assault event
assault abstraction
assault act
assault activity
assault attack
assault crime
assault entity
assault event
assault transgression
assemble connect
assemble join
assemble make
assembly artifact
assembly device
assembly entity
assembly instrumentality
assembly machine
assembly object
assembly whole
assembly abstraction
assembly entity
assembly gathering
assembly group
assembly entity
assembly object
assembly whole
assembly abstraction
assembly act
assembly entity
assembly event
assemblyman entity
assemblyman negotiator
assemblyman object
assemblyman organism
assemblyman person
assemblyman representative
assemblyman whole
assent abstraction
assent act
assent agreement
assent entity
assent event
assent accept
assent act
assent agree
assent react
assert insist
assert act
assert behave
assert hold
assertion abstraction
assertion communication
assertion declaration
assertion entity
assertion message
assertion statement
assess account
assess charge
assess calculate
assess estimate
assess reason
assess think
assessment abstraction
assessment charge
assessment entity
assessment possession
assessment relation
assessment abstraction
assessment attribute
assessment entity
assessment quality
assessment value
assessment worth
asset abstraction
asset attribute
asset entity
asset quality
assets abstraction
assets entity
assets possession
assets relation
asshole entity
asshole object
asshole organism
asshole person
asshole whole
assign distribute
assign give
assign transfer
assign choose
assign decide
assign transfer
assign evaluate
assign think
assignment abstraction
assignment act
assignment activity
assignment duty
assignment entity
assignment event
assignment work
assignment abstraction
assignment communication
assignment document
assignment entity
assignment writing
assignment abstraction
assignment act
assignment distribution
assignment entity
assignment event
assignment abstraction
assignment act
assignment activity
assignment entity
assignment event
assignment undertaking
assignment work
assimilate adjust
assimilate change
assimilate absorb
assimilate change
assimilation abstraction
assimilation attribute
assimilation entity
assimilation relationship
assimilation state
assimilation entity
assimilation process
assimilation entity
assimilation process
assimilation entity
assimilation process
assimilation abstraction
assimilation cognition
assimilation entity
assimilation learning
assimilation process
assist abstraction
assist act
assist action
assist change
assist entity
assist event
assist maneuver
assist motion
assist work
assistant entity
assistant object
assistant organism
assistant person
assistant whole
assistant worker
associate entity
associate object
associate organism
associate peer
associate person
associate whole
associate assistant
associate entity
associate object
associate organism
associate person
associate subordinate
associate whole
associate worker
associate abstraction
associate accompaniment
associate entity
associate event
associate happening
associate think
association abstraction
association entity
association group
association organization
association abstraction
association act
association entity
association event
association abstraction
association attribute
association entity
association state
association union
association abstraction
association cognition
association entity
association memory
association process
association abstraction
association entity
association relation
association entity
association process
association abstraction
association entity
association group
assortment abstraction
assortment collection
assortment entity
assortment group
assume evaluate
assume expect
assume think
assume start
assume change
assume move
assume take
assume receive
assumption abstraction
assumption cognition
assumption concept
assumption content
assumption entity
assumption hypothesis
assumption idea
assumption abstraction
assumption acquisition
assumption act
assumption entity
assumption event
assumption abstraction
assumption day
assumption entity
assumption holiday
assumption measure
assumption abstraction
assumption entity
assumption event
assumption miracle
assumption abstraction
assumption act
assumption entity
assumption event
assurance abstraction
assurance attribute
assurance certainty
assurance condition
assurance entity
assurance state
assurance abstraction
assurance commitment
assurance communication
assurance entity
assurance message
assurance abstraction
assurance communication
assurance entity
assurance message
assurance statement
assurance abstraction
assurance assets
assurance entity
assurance insurance
assurance possession
assurance relation
assurance security
assure affirm
assure declare
assure express
assure state
assure induce
assure persuade
asterisk abstraction
asterisk character
asterisk communication
asterisk entity
asterisk signal
asterisk symbol
asteroid entity
asteroid object
asteroid whole
asthma abstraction
asthma attribute
asthma condition
asthma disease
asthma entity
asthma illness
asthma state
astigmatism abstraction
astigmatism attribute
astigmatism condition
astigmatism disability
astigmatism entity
astigmatism state
astigmatism abstraction
astigmatism attribute
astigmatism condition
astigmatism entity
astigmatism state
astonishment abstraction
astonishment attribute
astonishment entity
astonishment feeling
astonishment state
astringent agent
astringent drug
astringent entity
astringent matter
astringent medicine
astringent substance
astrologer entity
astrologer intellectual
astrologer object
astrologer organism
astrologer person
astrologer visionary
astrologer whole
astrology abstraction
astrology cognition
astrology content
astrology entity
astrology fallacy
astrology idea
astrology pseudoscience
astronaut entity
astronaut object
astronaut organism
astronaut person
astronaut traveler
astronaut whole
astronomer entity
astronomer object
astronomer organism
astronomer person
astronomer physicist
astronomer scientist
astronomer whole
astronomy abstraction
astronomy cognition
astronomy content
astronomy discipline
astronomy entity
astronomy physics
astronomy science
astrophysicist astronomer
astrophysicist entity
astrophysicist object
astrophysicist organism
astrophysicist person
astrophysicist physicist
astrophysicist scientist
astrophysicist whole
astrophysics abstraction
astrophysics astronomy
astrophysics cognition
astrophysics content
astrophysics discipline
astrophysics entity
astrophysics physics
astrophysics science
at abstraction
at entity
at measure
atheism abstraction
atheism attitude
atheism cognition
atheism entity
atheism orientation
atheism abstraction
atheism cognition
atheism content
atheism entity
atheism unbelief
atheist entity
atheist object
atheist organism
atheist person
atheist whole
athlete contestant
athlete entity
athlete object
athlete organism
athlete person
athlete whole
athleticism abstraction
athleticism attribute
athleticism degree
athleticism energy
athleticism entity
athleticism force
athleticism intensity
athleticism property
athletics abstraction
athletics act
athletics activity
athletics education
athletics entity
athletics event
atlas artifact
atlas book
atlas creation
atlas entity
atlas object
atlas product
atlas publication
atlas whole
atlas work
atlas bone
atlas entity
atlas part
atlas thing
atlas tissue
atlas vertebra
atlas artifact
atlas column
atlas device
atlas entity
atlas instrumentality
atlas object
atlas support
atlas upright
atlas whole
atmosphere abstraction
atmosphere attribute
atmosphere condition
atmosphere entity
atmosphere state
atmosphere entity
atmosphere location
atmosphere object
atmosphere region
atmosphere entity
atmosphere phenomenon
atmosphere process
atmosphere weather
atmosphere entity
atmosphere fluid
atmosphere gas
atmosphere matter
atom abstraction
atom entity
atom matter
atom part
atom relation
atom substance
atom abstraction
atom entity
atom material
atom matter
atom part
atom relation
atom substance
atonement abstraction
atonement compensation
atonement cost
atonement damages
atonement entity
atonement payment
atonement possession
atonement relation
atrium cavity
atrium chamber
atrium entity
atrium part
atrium structure
atrium thing
atrium area
atrium artifact
atrium court
atrium entity
atrium object
atrium structure
atrium whole
atrocity abstraction
atrocity attribute
atrocity entity
atrocity quality
atrocity abstraction
atrocity act
atrocity activity
atrocity cruelty
atrocity entity
atrocity event
atrocity maltreatment
atrocity practice
atrophy abstraction
atrophy cognition
atrophy entity
atrophy evidence
atrophy information
atrophy symptom
atrophy abstraction
atrophy change
atrophy entity
atrophy event
atrophy happening
atrophy transformation
atrophy weakening
atrophy change
atrophy decrease
attach connect
attach touch
attach connect
attach join
attachment abstraction
attachment affection
attachment attribute
attachment entity
attachment feeling
attachment state
attachment addition
attachment component
attachment entity
attachment object
attachment part
attachment abstraction
attachment communication
attachment document
attachment entity
attachment writing
attachment artifact
attachment connection
attachment entity
attachment instrumentality
attachment object
attachment whole
attachment abstraction
attachment act
attachment activity
attachment aid
attachment entity
attachment event
attachment support
attachment abstraction
attachment act
attachment action
attachment change
attachment combination
attachment entity
attachment event
attack abstraction
attack act
attack activity
attack entity
attack event
attack operation
attack abstraction
attack act
attack activity
attack entity
attack event
attack turn
attack abstraction
attack act
attack activity
attack crime
attack entity
attack event
attack transgression
attack abstraction
attack act
attack action
attack beginning
attack change
attack entity
attack event
attack abstraction
attack affliction
attack entity
attack event
attack happening
attack trouble
attack degeneration
attack entity
attack process
attack abstraction
attack communication
attack criticism
attack disapproval
attack entity
attack message
attack contend
attack comment
attack express
attack knock
attack note
attack state
attack act
attack affect
attack change
attacker entity
attacker object
attacker organism
attacker person
attacker whole
attainment abstraction
attainment accomplishment
attainment act
attainment action
attainment entity
attainment event
attainment abstraction
attainment accomplishment
attainment act
attainment action
attainment arrival
attainment entity
attainment event
attempt abstraction
attempt act
attempt activity
attempt entity
attempt event
attend be
attend care
attend help
attend support
attend listen
attend perceive
attendance abstraction
attendance act
attendance entity
attendance event
attendance abstraction
attendance entity
attendance frequency
attendance rate
attendance relation
attendance abstraction
attendance company
attendance entity
attendance gathering
attendance group
attendant assistant
attendant entity
attendant object
attendant organism
attendant person
attendant whole
attendant worker
attendant associate
attendant entity
attendant object
attendant organism
attendant participant
attendant peer
attendant person
attendant whole
attention abstraction
attention cognition
attention entity
attention process
attention abstraction
attention attraction
attention cognition
attention concept
attention content
attention entity
attention feature
attention idea
attention property
attention abstraction
attention act
attention action
attention courtesy
attention entity
attention event
attention politeness
attention ability
attention abstraction
attention cognition
attention entity
attention faculty
attention abstraction
attention attribute
attention entity
attention position
attention property
attention stance
attentiveness abstraction
attentiveness attention
attentiveness cognition
attentiveness entity
attentiveness process
attentiveness abstraction
attentiveness attribute
attentiveness consideration
attentiveness entity
attentiveness good
attentiveness kindness
attentiveness morality
attentiveness quality
attentiveness abstraction
attentiveness attribute
attentiveness entity
attentiveness trait
attest act
attest communicate
attest inform
attest interact
attest testify
attest affirm
attest declare
attest express
attest state
attest act
attest communicate
attest indicate
attest inform
attest interact
attest read
attest show
attic abstraction
attic communication
attic entity
attic language
attic entity
attic head
attic part
attic thing
attic artifact
attic entity
attic object
attic partition
attic structure
attic wall
attic whole
attire artifact
attire clothing
attire commodity
attire covering
attire entity
attire object
attire whole
attitude abstraction
attitude cognition
attitude entity
attitude abstraction
attitude act
attitude activity
attitude affectation
attitude deception
attitude entity
attitude event
attitude falsification
attitude pretense
attitude abstraction
attitude direction
attitude entity
attitude orientation
attitude position
attitude relation
attract move
attract pull
attract act
attract force
attract pull
attraction entity
attraction force
attraction phenomenon
attraction process
attraction abstraction
attraction entity
attraction event
attraction show
attraction abstraction
attraction attribute
attraction entity
attraction quality
attraction abstraction
attraction cognition
attraction concept
attraction content
attraction entity
attraction feature
attraction idea
attraction property
attractiveness abstraction
attractiveness appearance
attractiveness attribute
attractiveness beauty
attractiveness entity
attractiveness quality
attractor abstraction
attractor cognition
attractor component
attractor concept
attractor content
attractor entity
attractor idea
attractor part
attractor point
attribute abstraction
attribute entity
attribution abstraction
attribution classification
attribution cognition
attribution entity
attribution process
attribution abstraction
attribution classification
attribution cognition
attribution entity
attribution process
auction abstraction
auction act
auction activity
auction bridge
auction entity
auction event
auction game
auction abstraction
auction act
auction commerce
auction entity
auction event
auction sale
auction selling
auction transaction
auction exchange
auction sell
auction transfer
auctioneer agent
auctioneer businessperson
auctioneer capitalist
auctioneer entity
auctioneer object
auctioneer organism
auctioneer person
auctioneer whole
audacity abstraction
audacity attribute
audacity boldness
audacity character
audacity courage
audacity entity
audacity fearlessness
audacity spirit
audacity trait
audacity abstraction
audacity aggressiveness
audacity attribute
audacity boldness
audacity drive
audacity entity
audacity trait
audible abstraction
audible cognition
audible content
audible entity
audible idea
audible plan
audible play
audience abstraction
audience entity
audience gathering
audience group
audience abstraction
audience entity
audience group
audience multitude
audio abstraction
audio communication
audio entity
audio abstraction
audio entity
audio frequency
audio rate
audio relation
audio component
audio entity
audio object
audio part
audiology abstraction
audiology cognition
audiology content
audiology discipline
audiology entity
audiology medicine
audiology science
audiovisual artifact
audiovisual entity
audiovisual equipment
audiovisual instrumentality
audiovisual object
audiovisual whole
audit abstraction
audit act
audit activity
audit entity
audit event
audit examination
audit investigation
audit work
audit analyze
audit learn
audition abstraction
audition act
audition activity
audition attempt
audition entity
audition event
audition test
audition make
audition perform
auditor entity
auditor object
auditor organism
auditor person
auditor student
auditor whole
auditor accountant
auditor businessperson
auditor capitalist
auditor entity
auditor object
auditor organism
auditor person
auditor whole
auditorium area
auditorium artifact
auditorium entity
auditorium object
auditorium structure
auditorium whole
augment change
augment increase
augment change
augment grow
augment increase
augmentation abstraction
augmentation change
augmentation entity
augmentation event
augmentation happening
augmentation increase
augmentation abstraction
augmentation communication
augmentation entity
augmentation music
augmentation statement
augmentation theme
augmentation tune
augmentation abstraction
augmentation act
augmentation action
augmentation change
augmentation entity
augmentation event
augmentation increase
august abstraction
august entity
august measure
aunt entity
aunt object
aunt organism
aunt person
aunt relative
aunt whole
aura abstraction
aura cognition
aura entity
aura evidence
aura information
aura symptom
aura abstraction
aura attribute
aura entity
aura light
aura property
aurora entity
aurora phenomenon
aurora process
auspices abstraction
auspices act
auspices activity
auspices aid
auspices endorsement
auspices entity
auspices event
auspices support
austerity abstraction
austerity attribute
austerity discipline
austerity entity
austerity trait
authentication abstraction
authentication communication
authentication entity
authentication marker
authentication signal
authentication symbol
authentication abstraction
authentication act
authentication determination
authentication discovery
authentication entity
authentication event
authentication validation
authenticity abstraction
authenticity attribute
authenticity credibility
authenticity entity
authenticity quality
author make
author write
authoritarian entity
authoritarian object
authoritarian organism
authoritarian person
authoritarian whole
authority abstraction
authority attribute
authority control
authority entity
authority power
authority quality
authority entity
authority object
authority organism
authority person
authority whole
authority entity
authority expert
authority object
authority organism
authority person
authority whole
authority abstraction
authority approval
authority communication
authority entity
authority message
authority permission
authority artifact
authority book
authority creation
authority entity
authority object
authority product
authority publication
authority whole
authority work
authorization abstraction
authorization act
authorization entity
authorization event
authorization management
authorize accept
authorize act
authorize permit
authorize react
authorship abstraction
authorship act
authorship action
authorship beginning
authorship change
authorship entity
authorship event
authorship initiation
autism abstraction
autism cognition
autism entity
autism evidence
autism information
autism symptom
autism syndrome
autobiography abstraction
autobiography biography
autobiography communication
autobiography entity
autobiography evidence
autobiography history
autobiography indication
autobiography record
autocracy abstraction
autocracy entity
autocracy group
autocracy abstraction
autocracy attitude
autocracy cognition
autocracy entity
autocracy orientation
autograph abstraction
autograph communication
autograph entity
autograph writing
autograph abstraction
autograph entity
autograph name
autograph part
autograph relation
autograph signature
autograph contract
autograph declare
autograph express
autograph promise
autograph sign
autograph state
automobile travel
autonomy abstraction
autonomy attribute
autonomy entity
autonomy freedom
autonomy independence
autonomy state
autonomy abstraction
autonomy attribute
autonomy entity
autonomy freedom
autonomy independence
autonomy state
avail abstraction
avail attribute
avail entity
avail helpfulness
avail quality
avail utility
avail use
avail help
avail support
avail exploit
avail use
avalanche abstraction
avalanche descent
avalanche entity
avalanche event
avalanche happening
avalanche movement
avalanche slide
avalanche abstraction
avalanche entity
avalanche event
avalanche happening
avalanche descend
avalanche travel
avatar abstraction
avatar belief
avatar cognition
avatar content
avatar deity
avatar entity
avenue abstraction
avenue act
avenue activity
avenue approach
avenue creation
avenue entity
avenue event
avenue artifact
avenue entity
avenue object
avenue road
avenue street
avenue thoroughfare
avenue way
avenue whole
average abstraction
average cognition
average entity
average information
average statistic
average abstraction
average entity
average ratio
average relation
average abstraction
average cognition
average concept
average content
average entity
average idea
average quantity
average value
average be
average total
average achieve
average succeed
average calculate
average reason
average think
aversion abstraction
aversion act
aversion avoidance
aversion entity
aversion event
aversion rejection
avert move
avert turn
aviation abstraction
aviation collection
aviation entity
aviation group
aviation abstraction
aviation enterprise
aviation entity
aviation group
aviation industry
aviation organization
aviation ability
aviation abstraction
aviation art
aviation cognition
aviation entity
avocado entity
avocado food
avocado fruit
avocado matter
avocado object
avocado produce
avocado solid
avocado whole
avocado entity
avocado object
avocado organism
avocado plant
avocado tree
avocado whole
avoidance abstraction
avoidance act
avoidance entity
avoidance event
avoidance rejection
awaken change
awaken affect
awakening abstraction
awakening act
awakening action
awakening arousal
awakening change
awakening entity
awakening event
award abstraction
award act
award allotment
award distribution
award entity
award event
award grant
award abstraction
award communication
award entity
award signal
award symbol
award allocate
award assign
award distribute
award give
award transfer
award give
awareness abstraction
awareness cognition
awareness entity
awareness knowing
awareness process
awareness abstraction
awareness attribute
awareness condition
awareness consciousness
awareness entity
awareness state
awe abstraction
awe astonishment
awe attribute
awe entity
awe feeling
awe state
awe wonder
awe arouse
awe frighten
awe make
awe stimulate
awl artifact
awl entity
awl implement
awl instrumentality
awl object
awl tool
awl whole
awning artifact
awning canopy
awning covering
awning entity
awning object
awning shelter
awning whole
ax artifact
ax cutter
ax entity
ax implement
ax instrumentality
ax object
ax tool
ax whole
ax change
ax end
axiom abstraction
axiom communication
axiom entity
axiom message
axiom proposition
axiom statement
axis entity
axis line
axis location
axis object
axis entity
axis object
axis stalk
axis whole
axis abstraction
axis alliance
axis entity
axis group
axis organization
axis bone
axis entity
axis part
axis thing
axis tissue
axis vertebra
axis artifact
axis device
axis entity
axis instrumentality
axis mechanism
axis object
axis whole
axle artifact
axle entity
axle implement
axle instrumentality
axle object
axle rod
axle shaft
axle whole
baboon animal
baboon entity
baboon mammal
baboon monkey
baboon object
baboon organism
baboon primate
baboon vertebrate
baboon whole
baby child
baby entity
baby object
baby offspring
baby organism
baby person
baby relative
baby whole
baby entity
baby object
baby offspring
baby organism
baby person
baby relative
baby whole
baby animal
baby entity
baby fetus
baby object
baby organism
baby vertebrate
baby whole
baby adult
baby entity
baby female
baby girl
baby object
baby organism
baby person
baby whole
baby woman
baby animal
baby entity
baby object
baby organism
baby whole
baby young
baby abstraction
baby act
baby activity
baby entity
baby event
baby undertaking
baby work
babysitter defender
babysitter entity
babysitter keeper
babysitter object
babysitter organism
babysitter person
babysitter whole
bachelor adult
bachelor entity
bachelor male
bachelor man
bachelor object
bachelor organism
bachelor person
bachelor whole
bachelor live
back entity
back part
back thing
back entity
back location
back object
back point
back position
back athlete
back contestant
back entity
back object
back organism
back person
back player
back whole
back artifact
back covering
back entity
back object
back whole
back artifact
back device
back entity
back instrumentality
back object
back support
back whole
back abstraction
back act
back activity
back entity
back event
back position
back role
back accept
back act
back approve
back authorize
back permit
back react
back travel
back finance
back give
back pay
back transfer
back be
back lie
back change
back switch
back confirm
back change
back strengthen
backache abstraction
backache ache
backache cognition
backache entity
backache evidence
backache information
backache pain
backache symptom
backbone abstraction
backbone attribute
backbone character
backbone courage
backbone entity
backbone fortitude
backbone good
backbone morality
backbone quality
backbone spirit
backbone trait
backbone virtue
backbone artifact
backbone connection
backbone entity
backbone instrumentality
backbone object
backbone whole
backfield abstraction
backfield arrangement
backfield entity
backfield formation
backfield group
backgammon abstraction
backgammon act
backgammon activity
backgammon entity
backgammon event
backgammon game
background abstraction
background attribute
background entity
background inheritance
background abstraction
background cognition
background content
background entity
background representation
background view
background abstraction
background cognition
background entity
background information
background abstraction
background entity
background event
background happening
background noise
background trouble
background abstraction
background accompaniment
background entity
background event
background happening
background artifact
background device
background display
background entity
background instrumentality
background object
background screen
background whole
background act
background communicate
background convey
background express
background impart
background inform
background interact
background stress
background tell
backing abstraction
backing act
backing activity
backing aid
backing blessing
backing entity
backing event
backing support
backing artifact
backing device
backing entity
backing instrumentality
backing layer
backing object
backing whole
backlash abstraction
backlash act
backlash action
backlash entity
backlash event
backlash reaction
backlash resistance
backpack artifact
backpack bag
backpack container
backpack entity
backpack instrumentality
backpack object
backpack whole
backpack hike
backpack travel
backpack walk
backspin abstraction
backspin entity
backspin event
backspin happening
backspin movement
backspin rotation
backspin spin
backspin turning
backstairs artifact
backstairs entity
backstairs object
backstairs stairway
backstairs way
backstairs whole
backup entity
backup increase
backup process
backup artifact
backup copy
backup creation
backup duplicate
backup entity
backup object
backup representation
backup whole
backwoods country
backwoods entity
backwoods location
backwoods object
backwoods region
backyard entity
backyard field
backyard location
backyard object
backyard region
backyard tract
backyard yard
bacon cut
bacon entity
bacon food
bacon matter
bacon meat
bacon solid
bacteria entity
bacteria microorganism
bacteria object
bacteria organism
bacteria whole
bad abstraction
bad attribute
bad entity
bad quality
badge abstraction
badge cognition
badge emblem
badge entity
badge process
badge symbol
badge abstraction
badge cognition
badge concept
badge content
badge entity
badge feature
badge idea
badge property
badge attach
badge connect
badge tag
badger animal
badger carnivore
badger entity
badger mammal
badger object
badger organism
badger vertebrate
badger whole
badger induce
badger persuade
badminton abstraction
badminton act
badminton activity
badminton diversion
badminton entity
badminton event
badminton game
badminton sport
badness abstraction
badness attribute
badness degree
badness entity
badness intensity
badness property
baffled abstraction
baffled entity
baffled group
baffled people
bag artifact
bag container
bag entity
bag instrumentality
bag object
bag whole
bag abstraction
bag entity
bag measure
bag artifact
bag container
bag entity
bag instrumentality
bag object
bag whole
bag abstraction
bag entity
bag measure
bag artifact
bag baggage
bag case
bag container
bag entity
bag instrumentality
bag object
bag whole
bag entity
bag object
bag organism
bag person
bag whole
bag capture
bag get
bag change
bag sag
bag sink
bag enclose
bag pack
bag surround
bag touch
baggage artifact
baggage case
baggage container
baggage entity
baggage instrumentality
baggage object
baggage whole
baggage adult
baggage entity
baggage female
baggage object
baggage organism
baggage person
baggage whole
baggage woman
baggage artifact
baggage entity
baggage equipment
baggage instrumentality
baggage object
baggage whole
bagpipe artifact
bagpipe device
bagpipe entity
bagpipe instrumentality
bagpipe object
bagpipe pipe
bagpipe whole
bail abstraction
bail entity
bail possession
bail relation
bail security
bail abstraction
bail cognition
bail content
bail entity
bail idea
bail plan
bail system
bail free
bail pass
bail transfer
bail declare
bail express
bail guarantee
bail pledge
bail promise
bail state
bail change
bail empty
bail remove
bailiff entity
bailiff object
bailiff official
bailiff organism
bailiff person
bailiff whole
bailiff worker
bait abstraction
bait cognition
bait entity
bait influence
bait temptation
bait artifact
bait device
bait entity
bait instrumentality
bait object
bait whole
bait ask
bait challenge
bait communicate
bait convey
bait invite
bait move
bait provoke
bait request
bait transfer
bake change
bake cook
bake make
bake be
baker businessperson
baker capitalist
baker entity
baker merchant
baker object
baker organism
baker person
baker whole
baker entity
baker object
baker organism
baker person
baker whole
baker worker
bakery artifact
bakery entity
bakery establishment
bakery location
bakery object
bakery point
bakery shop
bakery structure
bakery whole
bakery workplace
balance abstraction
balance attribute
balance entity
balance equilibrium
balance situation
balance state
balance abstraction
balance attribute
balance entity
balance equality
balance quality
balance sameness
balance artifact
balance entity
balance object
balance structure
balance whole
balance abstraction
balance entity
balance measure
balance number
balance remainder
balance artifact
balance device
balance entity
balance instrumentality
balance instrument
balance object
balance scale
balance whole
balance adjust
balance change
balance match
balance account
balance be
balcony artifact
balcony entity
balcony object
balcony structure
balcony whole
balcony artifact
balcony entity
balcony object
balcony structure
balcony whole
bald change
bald turn
bale artifact
bale bundle
bale container
bale entity
bale instrumentality
bale object
bale package
bale whole
bale have
bale keep
bale store
balk abstraction
balk area
balk attribute
balk entity
balk extent
balk magnitude
balk property
balk abstraction
balk act
balk entity
balk event
balk pitch
balk propulsion
balk throw
ball artifact
ball entity
ball equipment
ball instrumentality
ball object
ball whole
ball abstraction
ball attribute
ball entity
ball shape
ball sphere
ball abstraction
ball dance
ball entity
ball gathering
ball group
ball party
ball artifact
ball entity
ball object
ball plaything
ball whole
ball abstraction
ball collection
ball entity
ball group
ball abstraction
ball affair
ball dance
ball entity
ball event
ball party
ball entity
ball part
ball structure
ball thing
ball abstraction
ball act
ball activity
ball baseball
ball diversion
ball entity
ball event
ball game
ball sport
ball abstraction
ball act
ball entity
ball event
ball pitch
ball propulsion
ball throw
ball move
ball wind
ballad abstraction
ballad communication
ballad entity
ballad music
ballad song
ballad abstraction
ballad communication
ballad entity
ballad poem
ballad writing
ballast abstraction
ballast entity
ballast material
ballast matter
ballast part
ballast relation
ballast substance
ballast abstraction
ballast entity
ballast gravel
ballast material
ballast matter
ballast part
ballast relation
ballast rock
ballast substance
ballast abstraction
ballast attribute
ballast entity
ballast artifact
ballast device
ballast entity
ballast instrumentality
ballast object
ballast whole
ballast brace
ballast change
ballast strengthen
ballerina dancer
ballerina entertainer
ballerina entity
ballerina object
ballerina organism
ballerina performer
ballerina person
ballerina whole
ballet abstraction
ballet act
ballet activity
ballet cognition
ballet content
ballet dancing
ballet discipline
ballet diversion
ballet entity
ballet event
ballet show
ballet abstraction
ballet communication
ballet entity
ballet music
balloon aircraft
balloon artifact
balloon conveyance
balloon craft
balloon entity
balloon instrumentality
balloon object
balloon vehicle
balloon whole
balloon artifact
balloon entity
balloon object
balloon plaything
balloon whole
balloon fly
balloon handle
balloon manipulate
balloon operate
balloon touch
balloon change
balloon expand
balloon grow
balloon increase
ballot abstraction
ballot communication
ballot document
ballot entity
ballot writing
ballot choose
ballot decide
ballot vote
balm abstraction
balm chemical
balm compound
balm entity
balm material
balm matter
balm part
balm relation
balm resin
balm substance
bamboo abstraction
bamboo entity
bamboo material
bamboo matter
bamboo part
bamboo relation
bamboo substance
bamboo wood
bamboo entity
bamboo herb
bamboo object
bamboo organism
bamboo plant
bamboo whole
ban abstraction
ban entity
ban measure
ban abstraction
ban entity
ban measure
ban abstraction
ban act
ban denial
ban entity
ban event
ban prohibition
ban refusal
ban ask
ban command
ban communicate
ban convey
ban forbid
ban move
ban order
ban outlaw
ban request
ban transfer
ban ask
ban command
ban communicate
ban convey
ban forbid
ban move
ban order
ban request
ban transfer
banana entity
banana herb
banana object
banana organism
banana plant
banana whole
banana entity
banana food
banana fruit
banana matter
banana object
banana produce
banana solid
banana whole
band abstraction
band entity
band group
band organization
band artifact
band decoration
band design
band entity
band marking
band object
band stripe
band whole
band adornment
band artifact
band decoration
band entity
band object
band whole
band abstraction
band assortment
band collection
band entity
band group
band range
band artifact
band entity
band object
band strip
band whole
band abstraction
band attribute
band belt
band curve
band entity
band line
band loop
band shape
band abstraction
band artifact
band attribute
band curve
band entity
band line
band loop
band object
band shape
band strip
band whole
band artifact
band entity
band object
band strip
band whole
band artifact
band device
band entity
band instrumentality
band object
band restraint
band whole
band attach
band connect
band fasten
band tie
bandage artifact
bandage covering
bandage dressing
bandage entity
bandage object
bandage whole
bandage dress
bandage treat
bandit criminal
bandit entity
bandit object
bandit organism
bandit person
bandit principal
bandit thief
bandit whole
bandmaster artist
bandmaster conductor
bandmaster creator
bandmaster entity
bandmaster musician
bandmaster object
bandmaster organism
bandmaster person
bandmaster whole
bandstand artifact
bandstand entity
bandstand object
bandstand platform
bandstand surface
bandstand whole
bandwidth abstraction
bandwidth entity
bandwidth measure
bang abstraction
bang entity
bang event
bang happening
bang noise
bang sound
bang covering
bang entity
bang hair
bang object
bang whole
bang abstraction
bang attribute
bang emotion
bang entity
bang exhilaration
bang feeling
bang joy
bang state
bang sound
bang travel
bangle adornment
bangle artifact
bangle decoration
bangle entity
bangle object
bangle whole
banish expel
banish move
banish expel
banish move
banish expel
banish move
banishment abstraction
banishment attribute
banishment entity
banishment exclusion
banishment situation
banishment state
banishment abstraction
banishment act
banishment entity
banishment event
banishment rejection
banjo artifact
banjo device
banjo entity
banjo instrumentality
banjo object
banjo whole
bank entity
bank object
bank slope
bank entity
bank object
bank ridge
bank abstraction
bank arrangement
bank array
bank entity
bank group
bank abstraction
bank accumulation
bank assets
bank entity
bank gain
bank income
bank possession
bank relation
bank reserve
bank sum
bank abstraction
bank assets
bank entity
bank funds
bank possession
bank relation
bank entity
bank object
bank slope
bank artifact
bank depository
bank entity
bank facility
bank object
bank whole
bank abstraction
bank act
bank entity
bank escape
bank evasion
bank event
bank maneuver
bank move
bank tip
bank turn
bank enclose
bank surround
bank touch
bank act
bank interact
bank transact
bank act
bank serve
bank work
bank cover
banker capitalist
banker entity
banker financier
banker object
banker organism
banker person
banker whole
banker entity
banker object
banker organism
banker person
banker whole
banking abstraction
banking act
banking entity
banking event
banking finance
banking management
banking abstraction
banking act
banking commerce
banking entity
banking event
banking finance
banking transaction
bankroll abstraction
bankroll assets
bankroll entity
bankroll funds
bankroll possession
bankroll relation
bankroll fund
bankroll give
bankroll support
bankroll transfer
bankrupt entity
bankrupt failure
bankrupt object
bankrupt organism
bankrupt person
bankrupt unfortunate
bankrupt whole
bankrupt deny
bankrupt deprive
bankrupt have
bankrupt impoverish
bankrupt keep
bankrupt withhold
bankruptcy abstraction
bankruptcy attribute
bankruptcy condition
bankruptcy entity
bankruptcy failure
bankruptcy fortune
bankruptcy state
bankruptcy abstraction
bankruptcy attribute
bankruptcy condition
bankruptcy entity
bankruptcy state
bankruptcy abstraction
bankruptcy act
bankruptcy entity
bankruptcy event
bankruptcy proceeding
banner artifact
banner decoration
banner design
banner emblem
banner entity
banner flag
banner object
banner whole
banquet abstraction
banquet dinner
banquet entity
banquet gathering
banquet group
banquet party
banquet entity
banquet food
banquet matter
banquet meal
banquet substance
banter abstraction
banter communication
banter entity
banter message
banter wit
baptism abstraction
baptism act
baptism activity
baptism ceremony
baptism entity
baptism event
baptism sacrament
baptize designate
baptize label
baptize name
bar artifact
bar counter
bar entity
bar furnishing
bar furniture
bar instrumentality
bar object
bar table
bar whole
bar artifact
bar entity
bar implement
bar instrumentality
bar object
bar whole
bar artifact
bar entity
bar object
bar obstruction
bar structure
bar whole
bar abstraction
bar entity
bar measure
bar barrier
bar entity
bar mechanism
bar object
bar ridge
bar whole
bar artifact
bar device
bar entity
bar instrumentality
bar object
bar support
bar whole
bar component
bar entity
bar object
bar part
bar artifact
bar barrier
bar entity
bar object
bar obstruction
bar structure
bar whole
bar ask
bar command
bar communicate
bar convey
bar forbid
bar move
bar order
bar request
bar transfer
bar attach
bar connect
bar fasten
barber craftsman
barber entity
barber object
barber organism
barber person
barber whole
barber worker
barber better
barber change
barber groom
bare uncover
bareness abstraction
bareness attribute
bareness condition
bareness entity
bareness nakedness
bareness state
bareness abstraction
bareness appearance
bareness attribute
bareness entity
bareness quality
bargain abstraction
bargain agreement
bargain communication
bargain entity
bargain message
bargain statement
bargain abstraction
bargain acquisition
bargain entity
bargain possession
bargain purchase
bargain relation
bargain accept
bargain act
bargain agree
bargain react
bargainer entity
bargainer negotiator
bargainer object
bargainer organism
bargainer person
bargainer whole
bargaining abstraction
bargaining communication
bargaining discussion
bargaining entity
bargaining negotiation
bargaining speech
barge artifact
barge boat
barge conveyance
barge craft
barge entity
barge instrumentality
barge object
barge vehicle
barge vessel
barge whole
barge rush
barge travel
barge move
barge transport
bark covering
bark entity
bark object
bark whole
bark abstraction
bark entity
bark event
bark happening
bark noise
bark sound
bark artifact
bark conveyance
bark craft
bark entity
bark instrumentality
bark object
bark vehicle
bark vessel
bark whole
bark abstraction
bark cry
bark entity
bark event
bark happening
bark sound
bark act
bark communicate
bark interact
bark talk
bark cover
bark remove
bark strip
bark utter
bark change
bark convert
bark tan
barley entity
barley food
barley foodstuff
barley grain
barley matter
barley substance
barley cereal
barley entity
barley grass
barley herb
barley object
barley organism
barley plant
barley whole
barn artifact
barn building
barn entity
barn object
barn structure
barn whole
barn abstraction
barn entity
barn measure
barnacle animal
barnacle crustacean
barnacle entity
barnacle invertebrate
barnacle object
barnacle organism
barnacle whole
barnyard area
barnyard artifact
barnyard enclosure
barnyard entity
barnyard object
barnyard structure
barnyard whole
barnyard yard
barometer artifact
barometer device
barometer entity
barometer instrumentality
barometer instrument
barometer object
barometer whole
baron aristocrat
baron entity
baron leader
baron lord
baron object
baron organism
baron person
baron whole
baron aristocrat
baron entity
baron leader
baron lord
baron object
baron organism
baron peer
baron person
baron whole
baron businessman
baron businessperson
baron capitalist
baron entity
baron object
baron organism
baron person
baron whole
baroness aristocrat
baroness entity
baroness lady
baroness leader
baroness object
baroness organism
baroness person
baroness whole
baroque abstraction
baroque attribute
baroque entity
baroque manner
baroque property
barrack artifact
barrack entity
barrack housing
barrack object
barrack structure
barrack whole
barrack give
barrack house
barrack lodge
barrack shelter
barrack supply
barrack transfer
barracuda animal
barracuda entity
barracuda fish
barracuda object
barracuda organism
barracuda vertebrate
barracuda whole
barrel artifact
barrel conduit
barrel entity
barrel object
barrel passage
barrel tube
barrel way
barrel whole
barrel artifact
barrel container
barrel entity
barrel instrumentality
barrel object
barrel vessel
barrel whole
barrel abstraction
barrel attribute
barrel cylinder
barrel entity
barrel shape
barrel abstraction
barrel entity
barrel measure
barrel abstraction
barrel entity
barrel measure
barrel move
barrel put
barren entity
barren location
barren object
barren region
barren wilderness
barricade artifact
barricade barrier
barricade entity
barricade object
barricade obstruction
barricade structure
barricade whole
barricade impede
barricade obstruct
barricade prevent
barricade impede
barricade obstruct
barricade prevent
barricade impede
barricade obstruct
barricade prevent
barrier artifact
barrier entity
barrier object
barrier obstruction
barrier structure
barrier whole
barrier abstraction
barrier cognition
barrier difficulty
barrier entity
barrier hindrance
barrier obstacle
barrier entity
barrier mechanism
barrier object
barrier whole
barter abstraction
barter act
barter commerce
barter entity
barter event
barter exchange
barter transaction
barter exchange
barter transfer
base artifact
base entity
base facility
base object
base whole
base artifact
base entity
base equipment
base instrumentality
base object
base whole
base entity
base part
base thing
base bottom
base entity
base location
base object
base region
base artifact
base device
base entity
base instrumentality
base object
base support
base whole
base abstraction
base chemical
base compound
base entity
base material
base matter
base part
base relation
base substance
base abstraction
base attribute
base entity
base figure
base flank
base shape
base abstraction
base entity
base measure
base number
base entity
base location
base object
base component
base entity
base ingredient
base object
base part
base bottom
base boundary
base entity
base extremity
base location
base object
base region
base side
base surface
base artifact
base conductor
base device
base electrode
base entity
base instrumentality
base object
base whole
base determine
base situate
baseball abstraction
baseball act
baseball activity
baseball diversion
baseball entity
baseball event
baseball game
baseball sport
baseball artifact
baseball ball
baseball entity
baseball equipment
baseball instrumentality
baseball object
baseball whole
baseline abstraction
baseline entity
baseline measure
baseline standard
baseline abstraction
baseline communication
baseline entity
baseline indication
baseline line
baseline mark
basement artifact
basement entity
basement floor
basement object
basement structure
basement whole
basement artifact
basement entity
basement object
basement structure
basement support
basement whole
baseness abstraction
baseness attribute
baseness bad
baseness entity
baseness quality
bash abstraction
bash affair
bash entity
bash event
bash party
basic abstraction
basic communication
basic entity
basic language
basic artifact
basic commodity
basic entity
basic object
basic whole
basics abstraction
basics communication
basics entity
basics fact
basics information
basics message
basil entity
basil herb
basil object
basil organism
basil plant
basil whole
basil entity
basil food
basil foodstuff
basil herb
basil ingredient
basil matter
basil substance
basin artifact
basin container
basin entity
basin instrumentality
basin object
basin vessel
basin whole
basin abstraction
basin entity
basin measure
basin entity
basin object
basis abstraction
basis assumption
basis cognition
basis concept
basis content
basis entity
basis hypothesis
basis idea
basis abstraction
basis entity
basis part
basis relation
bask lie
basket artifact
basket container
basket entity
basket instrumentality
basket object
basket whole
basket abstraction
basket entity
basket measure
basket artifact
basket entity
basket equipment
basket goal
basket instrumentality
basket object
basket whole
basket abstraction
basket accomplishment
basket act
basket action
basket attainment
basket entity
basket event
basket score
basket success
basketball abstraction
basketball act
basketball activity
basketball diversion
basketball entity
basketball event
basketball game
basketball sport
basketball artifact
basketball ball
basketball entity
basketball equipment
basketball instrumentality
basketball object
basketball whole
bass abstraction
bass attribute
bass entity
bass pitch
bass property
bass abstraction
bass communication
bass entity
bass music
bass part
bass tune
bass entertainer
bass entity
bass musician
bass object
bass organism
bass performer
bass person
bass singer
bass whole
bass abstraction
bass communication
bass entity
bass voice
bass artifact
bass device
bass entity
bass instrumentality
bass object
bass whole
bass animal
bass entity
bass fish
bass object
bass organism
bass vertebrate
bass whole
bassinet artifact
bassinet entity
bassinet furnishing
bassinet furniture
bassinet instrumentality
bassinet object
bassinet whole
bassinet artifact
bassinet container
bassinet conveyance
bassinet entity
bassinet instrumentality
bassinet object
bassinet vehicle
bassinet whole
bassist entertainer
bassist entity
bassist musician
bassist object
bassist organism
bassist performer
bassist person
bassist whole
bastard entity
bastard object
bastard offspring
bastard organism
bastard person
bastard relative
bastard whole
bastard artifact
bastard entity
bastard object
bastard thing
bastard variation
bastard whole
baste artifact
baste creation
baste entity
baste object
baste sewing
baste stitch
baste whole
baste change
baste wet
baste attach
baste connect
baste fasten
baste sew
bat animal
bat entity
bat mammal
bat object
bat organism
bat vertebrate
bat whole
bat abstraction
bat act
bat activity
bat entity
bat event
bat turn
bat artifact
bat club
bat entity
bat implement
bat instrumentality
bat object
bat stick
bat whole
bat hit
bat touch
bat act
bat blink
bat hit
bat touch
bat hit
bat touch
batch abstraction
batch collection
batch entity
batch group
batch abstraction
batch entity
batch measure
batch abstraction
batch collection
batch entity
batch group
batch categorize
batch classify
batch group
batch reason
batch think
bath artifact
bath container
bath entity
bath instrumentality
bath object
bath vessel
bath whole
bath abstraction
bath act
bath action
bath activity
bath change
bath cleaning
bath entity
bath event
bath improvement
bath wash
bath work
bath abstraction
bath entity
bath measure
bathe abstraction
bathe act
bathe activity
bathe diversion
bathe entity
bathe event
bathe sport
bathe swimming
bathe better
bathe change
bathe cleanse
bathe groom
bathe cover
bathe envelop
bathe better
bathe change
bathe cleanse
bathe groom
bathhouse artifact
bathhouse building
bathhouse entity
bathhouse object
bathhouse structure
bathhouse whole
bathhouse artifact
bathhouse building
bathhouse entity
bathhouse house
bathhouse object
bathhouse structure
bathhouse whole
bathing abstraction
bathing act
bathing activity
bathing diversion
bathing entity
bathing event
bathroom area
bathroom artifact
bathroom entity
bathroom object
bathroom room
bathroom structure
bathroom whole
bathtub artifact
bathtub container
bathtub entity
bathtub instrumentality
bathtub object
bathtub vessel
bathtub whole
batman assistant
batman attendant
batman entity
batman object
batman organism
batman person
batman whole
batman worker
baton artifact
baton entity
baton implement
baton instrumentality
baton object
baton rod
baton whole
baton artifact
baton entity
baton implement
baton instrumentality
baton object
baton staff
baton stick
baton whole
baton artifact
baton entity
baton implement
baton instrumentality
baton object
baton rod
baton whole
baton artifact
baton entity
baton implement
baton instrumentality
baton object
baton whole
battalion abstraction
battalion entity
battalion group
battalion organization
battalion unit
battalion abstraction
battalion entity
battalion measure
batter athlete
batter contestant
batter entity
batter object
batter organism
batter person
batter player
batter whole
batter concoction
batter entity
batter food
batter foodstuff
batter matter
batter substance
battering abstraction
battering act
battering conflict
battering entity
battering event
battering fight
battery abstraction
battery artillery
battery entity
battery group
battery organization
battery unit
battery artifact
battery device
battery entity
battery instrumentality
battery object
battery whole
battery abstraction
battery collection
battery entity
battery group
battery abstraction
battery entity
battery group
battery organization
battery team
battery unit
battery artifact
battery entity
battery factory
battery object
battery plant
battery structure
battery whole
battery abstraction
battery act
battery activity
battery assault
battery attack
battery crime
battery entity
battery event
battery transgression
batting abstraction
batting act
batting activity
batting attempt
batting entity
batting event
batting artifact
batting entity
batting object
batting stuffing
batting whole
battle abstraction
battle act
battle entity
battle event
battle contend
battlefield entity
battlefield location
battlefield object
battlefield region
battlefield tract
battlefront entity
battlefront line
battlefront location
battlefront object
battlefront point
battleship artifact
battleship conveyance
battleship craft
battleship entity
battleship instrumentality
battleship object
battleship ship
battleship vehicle
battleship vessel
battleship warship
battleship whole
bawl act
bawl communicate
bawl interact
bawl shout
bawl talk
bawl cry
bay entity
bay thing
bay abstraction
bay cry
bay entity
bay event
bay happening
bay sound
bay area
bay artifact
bay compartment
bay entity
bay object
bay room
bay structure
bay whole
bay area
bay artifact
bay compartment
bay entity
bay object
bay room
bay structure
bay whole
bay animal
bay entity
bay horse
bay mammal
bay object
bay organism
bay vertebrate
bay whole
bay act
bay communicate
bay interact
bay talk
bay bark
bay utter
bayonet artifact
bayonet device
bayonet entity
bayonet instrumentality
bayonet instrument
bayonet knife
bayonet object
bayonet weapon
bayonet whole
bayonet change
bayonet hurt
bayonet injure
bayonet knife
bayou entity
bayou lake
bayou thing
bazaar artifact
bazaar entity
bazaar establishment
bazaar object
bazaar shop
bazaar structure
bazaar whole
bazaar artifact
bazaar entity
bazaar establishment
bazaar marketplace
bazaar object
bazaar structure
bazaar whole
bazaar abstraction
bazaar attribute
bazaar being
bazaar entity
bazaar occasion
bazaar opportunity
bazaar possibility
bazaar sale
bazaar state
be take
be use
be be
be stay
beach entity
beach object
beach arrive
beach land
beacon abstraction
beacon communication
beacon entity
beacon signal
beacon artifact
beacon entity
beacon object
beacon structure
beacon tower
beacon whole
beacon shine
beacon lead
bead adornment
bead artifact
bead decoration
bead entity
bead jewelry
bead object
bead whole
bead change
bead form
bead change
bead decorate
bead arrange
bead move
bead put
bead string
beagle animal
beagle canine
beagle carnivore
beagle dog
beagle entity
beagle hound
beagle mammal
beagle object
beagle organism
beagle vertebrate
beagle whole
beak entity
beak mouth
beak orifice
beak part
beak passage
beak structure
beak thing
beak entity
beak mouth
beak orifice
beak part
beak passage
beak structure
beak thing
beak end
beak entity
beak extremity
beak location
beak object
beak region
beak tip
beak entity
beak nose
beak organ
beak part
beak thing
beaker artifact
beaker container
beaker entity
beaker instrumentality
beaker jar
beaker object
beaker vessel
beaker whole
beaker article
beaker artifact
beaker container
beaker crockery
beaker cup
beaker entity
beaker instrumentality
beaker object
beaker ware
beaker whole
beam artifact
beam device
beam entity
beam instrumentality
beam object
beam part
beam piece
beam support
beam whole
beam energy
beam entity
beam phenomenon
beam process
beam radiation
beam energy
beam entity
beam light
beam phenomenon
beam process
beam radiation
beam abstraction
beam attribute
beam dimension
beam entity
beam magnitude
beam property
beam width
beam artifact
beam entity
beam object
beam side
beam surface
beam whole
beam act
beam communicate
beam interact
beam smile
beam act
beam communicate
beam convey
beam express
beam impart
beam inform
beam interact
beam tell
bean entity
bean food
bean legume
bean matter
bean produce
bean solid
bean vegetable
bean entity
bean fruit
bean object
bean seed
bean whole
bean climber
bean entity
bean herb
bean legume
bean object
bean organism
bean plant
bean vine
bean whole
bean hit
bean touch
bear animal
bear carnivore
bear entity
bear mammal
bear object
bear organism
bear vertebrate
bear whole
bear capitalist
bear entity
bear investor
bear object
bear organism
bear person
bear whole
bear have
bear move
bear transport
bear make
bear take
bear have
beard covering
beard entity
beard hair
beard object
beard whole
beard entity
beard hair
beard part
beard process
beard thing
beard entity
beard object
beard organism
beard person
beard whole
beard covering
beard entity
beard hair
beard object
beard whole
beard be
beard lie
beard line
beard rim
bearer entity
bearer messenger
bearer object
bearer organism
bearer person
bearer traveler
bearer whole
bearing abstraction
bearing connection
bearing entity
bearing relatedness
bearing relation
bearing direction
bearing entity
bearing line
bearing location
bearing object
bearing path
bearing abstraction
bearing attribute
bearing entity
bearing manner
bearing trait
bearing artifact
bearing device
bearing entity
bearing instrumentality
bearing object
bearing support
bearing whole
beast attacker
beast entity
beast object
beast organism
beast person
beast whole
beat entity
beat line
beat location
beat object
beat path
beat abstraction
beat entity
beat event
beat happening
beat movement
beat wave
beat abstraction
beat entity
beat event
beat happening
beat sound
beat abstraction
beat attribute
beat entity
beat pace
beat property
beat abstraction
beat act
beat action
beat change
beat entity
beat event
beat motion
beat stroke
beat abstraction
beat act
beat action
beat change
beat entity
beat event
beat motion
beat sailing
beat travel
beat strike
beat touch
beat move
beat make
beat shape
beat glare
beat shine
beat move
beat boat
beat ride
beat sail
beat travel
beat agitate
beat move
beat strike
beat touch
beat be
beat act
beat cheat
beat interact
beat treat
beat wrong
beat move
beat make
beat play
beat sound
beat beat
beat strike
beat touch
beater entity
beater object
beater organism
beater person
beater whole
beater worker
beater artifact
beater entity
beater implement
beater instrumentality
beater object
beater whole
beating abstraction
beating act
beating conflict
beating entity
beating event
beating fight
beating abstraction
beating act
beating entity
beating event
beating punishment
beautification abstraction
beautification act
beautification action
beautification change
beautification entity
beautification event
beauty abstraction
beauty appearance
beauty attribute
beauty entity
beauty quality
beauty abstraction
beauty cognition
beauty content
beauty entity
beauty idea
beauty ideal
beaver abstraction
beaver entity
beaver fur
beaver material
beaver matter
beaver part
beaver relation
beaver substance
beaver beard
beaver covering
beaver entity
beaver hair
beaver object
beaver whole
beaver artifact
beaver covering
beaver entity
beaver object
beaver plate
beaver shield
beaver whole
beaver artifact
beaver clothing
beaver commodity
beaver covering
beaver entity
beaver hat
beaver headdress
beaver object
beaver whole
beaver animal
beaver entity
beaver mammal
beaver object
beaver organism
beaver rodent
beaver vertebrate
beaver whole
beaver work
beckon act
beckon communicate
beckon interact
beckon attract
beckon ask
beckon call
beckon communicate
beckon convey
beckon move
beckon order
beckon request
beckon summon
beckon transfer
become change
become transform
become better
become change
bed artifact
bed entity
bed furnishing
bed furniture
bed instrumentality
bed object
bed whole
bed entity
bed location
bed object
bed plot
bed region
bed tract
bed entity
bed object
bed entity
bed layer
bed location
bed object
bed region
bed artifact
bed entity
bed object
bed surface
bed whole
bed artifact
bed entity
bed foundation
bed object
bed structure
bed support
bed whole
bed give
bed supply
bed transfer
bed move
bed plant
bed put
bed move
bed put
bedbug animal
bedbug entity
bedbug insect
bedbug invertebrate
bedbug object
bedbug organism
bedbug whole
bedfellow associate
bedfellow entity
bedfellow object
bedfellow organism
bedfellow peer
bedfellow person
bedfellow whole
bedfellow entity
bedfellow object
bedfellow organism
bedfellow person
bedfellow whole
bedrock entity
bedrock object
bedrock rock
bedrock whole
bedroom area
bedroom artifact
bedroom entity
bedroom object
bedroom room
bedroom structure
bedroom whole
bedtime abstraction
bedtime cognition
bedtime entity
bedtime hour
bedtime information
bedtime reading
bee animal
bee entity
bee insect
bee invertebrate
bee object
bee organism
bee whole
bee abstraction
bee entity
bee gathering
bee group
beech entity
beech object
beech organism
beech plant
beech tree
beech whole
beech abstraction
beech entity
beech material
beech matter
beech part
beech relation
beech substance
beech wood
beef animal
beef bovine
beef cattle
beef entity
beef mammal
beef object
beef organism
beef vertebrate
beef whole
beef entity
beef food
beef matter
beef meat
beef solid
beefcake artifact
beefcake creation
beefcake entity
beefcake object
beefcake photograph
beefcake representation
beefcake whole
beehive entity
beehive location
beehive object
beehive point
beehive workplace
beehive entity
beehive nest
beehive object
beehive whole
beehive covering
beehive entity
beehive hair
beehive object
beehive whole
beehive artifact
beehive container
beehive entity
beehive instrumentality
beehive object
beehive receptacle
beehive whole
beekeeper creator
beekeeper entity
beekeeper farmer
beekeeper object
beekeeper organism
beekeeper person
beekeeper whole
beekeeping abstraction
beekeeping act
beekeeping commerce
beekeeping cultivation
beekeeping entity
beekeeping event
beekeeping industry
beekeeping production
beekeeping transaction
beeline entity
beeline line
beeline location
beeline object
beeline path
beep abstraction
beep entity
beep event
beep happening
beep sound
beep ask
beep call
beep communicate
beep convey
beep move
beep order
beep request
beep transfer
beeper artifact
beeper device
beeper entity
beeper instrumentality
beeper object
beeper whole
beer abstraction
beer agent
beer alcohol
beer beverage
beer brew
beer drug
beer entity
beer fluid
beer food
beer liquid
beer matter
beer part
beer relation
beer substance
beeswax abstraction
beeswax chemical
beeswax compound
beeswax entity
beeswax lipid
beeswax material
beeswax matter
beeswax molecule
beeswax part
beeswax relation
beeswax substance
beeswax thing
beeswax unit
beeswax wax
beeswax cover
beeswax wax
beet entity
beet herb
beet object
beet organism
beet plant
beet vegetable
beet whole
beet entity
beet food
beet matter
beet produce
beet solid
beet vegetable
beetle animal
beetle entity
beetle insect
beetle invertebrate
beetle object
beetle organism
beetle whole
beetle travel
beetle beat
beetle strike
beetle touch
befall happen
befriend act
befriend bind
befriend interact
befriend relate
beg appeal
beg communicate
beg convey
beg move
beg plead
beg request
beg transfer
beg communicate
beg convey
beg move
beg request
beg transfer
beg avoid
beg hedge
beggar entity
beggar object
beggar organism
beggar pauper
beggar person
beggar unfortunate
beggar whole
beggar be
beggar confuse
beggar defy
beggar deny
beggar deprive
beggar have
beggar impoverish
beggar keep
beggar withhold
begin act
begin communicate
begin interact
begin talk
begin be
begin act
begin achieve
begin succeed
beginning abstraction
beginning entity
beginning event
beginning happening
beginning abstraction
beginning entity
beginning measure
beginning point
beginning abstraction
beginning cognition
beginning concept
beginning content
beginning entity
beginning idea
beginning part
beginning entity
beginning location
beginning object
beginning point
beginning abstraction
beginning act
beginning action
beginning change
beginning entity
beginning event
behalf abstraction
behalf act
behalf activity
behalf duty
behalf entity
behalf event
behalf function
behalf work
behalf abstraction
behalf attribute
behalf benefit
behalf entity
behalf good
behalf quality
behalf sake
behave act
behave hold
behave act
behavior abstraction
behavior act
behavior activity
behavior entity
behavior event
behavior abstraction
behavior action
behavior attribute
behavior entity
behavior state
behavior abstraction
behavior act
behavior activity
behavior entity
behavior event
behaviorism abstraction
behaviorism cognition
behaviorism content
behaviorism discipline
behaviorism entity
behaviorism psychology
behaviorism science
behold perceive
behold see
being abstraction
being attribute
being entity
being state
belch abstraction
belch act
belch entity
belch event
belch expulsion
belch process
belch propulsion
belch reaction
belch reflex
belief abstraction
belief cognition
belief content
belief entity
believe accept
believe evaluate
believe think
believe evaluate
believe expect
believe think
believe accept
believe believe
believe evaluate
believe think
believe accept
believe believe
believe credit
believe evaluate
believe think
believe trust
believer advocate
believer entity
believer object
believer organism
believer person
believer supporter
believer whole
believer entity
believer object
believer organism
believer person
believer whole
believing abstraction
believing cognition
believing entity
believing process
bell artifact
bell device
bell entity
bell instrumentality
bell object
bell whole
bell abstraction
bell entity
bell event
bell happening
bell sound
bell abstraction
bell entity
bell measure
bell abstraction
bell attribute
bell curve
bell entity
bell line
bell shape
bell artifact
bell entity
bell object
bell opening
bell whole
bell attach
bell connect
belle adult
belle entity
belle female
belle girl
belle object
belle organism
belle person
belle whole
belle woman
bellow abstraction
bellow communication
bellow cry
bellow entity
bellow utterance
bellow utter
belly entity
belly part
belly thing
belly tissue
belly abstraction
belly attribute
belly bulge
belly entity
belly projection
belly shape
belly solid
belly boundary
belly entity
belly extremity
belly inside
belly location
belly object
belly region
belly surface
belly entity
belly part
belly thing
belly change
belly expand
belly grow
belly increase
belly swell
belong be
belonging abstraction
belonging attribute
belonging entity
belonging feeling
belonging happiness
belonging state
beloved entity
beloved lover
beloved object
beloved organism
beloved person
beloved whole
belt abstraction
belt attribute
belt curve
belt entity
belt line
belt loop
belt shape
belt accessory
belt artifact
belt clothing
belt commodity
belt covering
belt entity
belt object
belt whole
belt entity
belt location
belt object
belt region
belt ammunition
belt artifact
belt entity
belt instrumentality
belt object
belt weaponry
belt whole
belt hit
belt touch
belt attach
belt connect
belt fasten
beluga animal
beluga entity
beluga fish
beluga object
beluga organism
beluga vertebrate
beluga whole
bench artifact
bench entity
bench furnishing
bench furniture
bench instrumentality
bench object
bench seat
bench whole
bench abstraction
bench assembly
bench entity
bench gathering
bench group
bench abstraction
bench entity
bench group
bench subgroup
bench artifact
bench entity
bench furnishing
bench furniture
bench instrumentality
bench object
bench seat
bench whole
bench remove
bench expose
bench show
benchmark abstraction
benchmark entity
benchmark measure
benchmark standard
benchmark abstraction
benchmark communication
benchmark entity
benchmark indicator
benchmark signal
bend abstraction
bend attribute
bend curve
bend entity
bend line
bend shape
bend entity
bend object
bend part
bend section
bend artifact
bend charge
bend decoration
bend design
bend emblem
bend entity
bend object
bend ordinary
bend whole
bend change
bend move
bend turn
bender artifact
bender entity
bender implement
bender instrumentality
bender object
bender tool
bender whole
bending abstraction
bending entity
bending event
bending happening
bending movement
bending abstraction
bending act
bending action
bending change
bending entity
bending event
benediction abstraction
benediction act
benediction entity
benediction event
benediction prayer
benediction request
benefactor entity
benefactor object
benefactor organism
benefactor person
benefactor whole
beneficiary entity
beneficiary object
beneficiary organism
beneficiary person
beneficiary recipient
beneficiary whole
benefit abstraction
benefit cost
benefit entity
benefit payment
benefit possession
benefit relation
benefit abstraction
benefit attribute
benefit entity
benefit good
benefit quality
benefit abstraction
benefit entity
benefit event
benefit performance
benefit show
benefit better
benefit change
benefit help
benevolence abstraction
benevolence attribute
benevolence emotion
benevolence entity
benevolence feeling
benevolence love
benevolence state
benevolence abstraction
benevolence attribute
benevolence entity
benevolence good
benevolence kindness
benevolence morality
benevolence quality
benevolence abstraction
benevolence act
benevolence action
benevolence entity
benevolence event
benevolence kindness
bent abstraction
bent attitude
bent cognition
bent entity
bent inclination
bent entity
bent grass
bent herb
bent object
bent organism
bent plant
bent whole
bent abstraction
bent community
bent entity
bent grassland
bent group
bent location
bent object
bent region
bent tract
bent ability
bent abstraction
bent aptitude
bent cognition
bent endowment
bent entity
benzene abstraction
benzene chemical
benzene compound
benzene entity
benzene hydrocarbon
benzene material
benzene matter
benzene part
benzene relation
benzene substance
bequeath give
bereaved entity
bereaved object
bereaved organism
bereaved person
bereaved whole
beret artifact
beret cap
beret clothing
beret commodity
beret covering
beret entity
beret headdress
beret object
beret whole
berry entity
berry food
berry fruit
berry matter
berry object
berry produce
berry solid
berry whole
berry entity
berry fruit
berry object
berry whole
berry gather
berry pick
besiege attack
besiege contend
besiege affect
besiege distress
besiege disturb
besiege appeal
besiege beg
besiege communicate
besiege convey
besiege move
besiege plead
besiege request
besiege transfer
best abstraction
best act
best activity
best attempt
best entity
best event
best entity
best object
best organism
best person
best whole
bestiality abstraction
bestiality attribute
bestiality entity
bestiality quality
bestiality entity
bestiality process
bestowal abstraction
bestowal act
bestowal distribution
bestowal entity
bestowal event
bestowal giving
bestowal abstraction
bestowal acquisition
bestowal entity
bestowal gift
bestowal possession
bestowal relation
bet abstraction
bet act
bet activity
bet diversion
bet entity
bet event
bet gambling
bet transgression
bet vice
bet guess
bet predict
bet reason
bet speculate
bet think
bet compete
bet gamble
bet play
beta abstraction
beta character
beta communication
beta entity
beta letter
beta signal
beta symbol
beta abstraction
beta entity
beta family
beta genus
beta group
betray act
betray communicate
betray inform
betray interact
betray tell
betray act
betray deceive
betray interact
betray treat
betray wrong
betrayal abstraction
betrayal attribute
betrayal disloyalty
betrayal entity
betrayal infidelity
betrayal quality
betrayal treason
betrothal abstraction
betrothal act
betrothal commitment
betrothal communication
betrothal entity
betrothal event
betrothal message
betrothal promise
betrothal abstraction
betrothal act
betrothal activity
betrothal continuance
betrothal custom
betrothal entity
betrothal event
betrothal practice
betrothal ritual
betrothal survival
betrothed entity
betrothed lover
betrothed object
betrothed organism
betrothed person
betrothed whole
better abstraction
better attribute
better entity
better good
better quality
better entity
better leader
better object
better organism
better person
better superior
better whole
better abstraction
better attribute
better entity
better good
better quality
better beat
better surpass
better change
beverage abstraction
beverage entity
beverage fluid
beverage food
beverage liquid
beverage matter
beverage part
beverage relation
beverage substance
beware watch
bias abstraction
bias attitude
bias cognition
bias entity
bias inclination
bias partiality
bias affect
bias change
bias influence
bias prejudice
bias affect
bias change
bias influence
bias prejudice
bible abstraction
bible communication
bible entity
bible writing
bible artifact
bible book
bible creation
bible entity
bible handbook
bible object
bible product
bible publication
bible whole
bible work
bibliography abstraction
bibliography communication
bibliography database
bibliography entity
bibliography information
bibliography list
bibliography message
bicentennial abstraction
bicentennial anniversary
bicentennial day
bicentennial entity
bicentennial measure
biceps entity
biceps muscle
biceps organ
biceps part
biceps thing
bicycle artifact
bicycle container
bicycle conveyance
bicycle entity
bicycle instrumentality
bicycle object
bicycle vehicle
bicycle whole
bicycle ride
bicycle travel
bid abstraction
bid act
bid activity
bid attempt
bid entity
bid event
bid abstraction
bid communication
bid entity
bid message
bid offer
bid abstraction
bid communication
bid entity
bid message
bid statement
bid appeal
bid communicate
bid convey
bid move
bid plead
bid request
bid transfer
bid compete
bid play
bid desire
bid seek
bidding abstraction
bidding act
bidding artifact
bidding communication
bidding creation
bidding document
bidding entity
bidding event
bidding invitation
bidding letter
bidding matter
bidding object
bidding representation
bidding request
bidding text
bidding whole
bidding writing
bigotry abstraction
bigotry attitude
bigotry cognition
bigotry entity
bigotry intolerance
bikini artifact
bikini clothing
bikini commodity
bikini covering
bikini entity
bikini garment
bikini object
bikini whole
bile abstraction
bile entity
bile juice
bile matter
bile part
bile relation
bile substance
bilingual entity
bilingual linguist
bilingual object
bilingual organism
bilingual person
bilingual whole
bill abstraction
bill communication
bill document
bill entity
bill writing
bill abstraction
bill communication
bill document
bill entity
bill statement
bill writing
bill abstraction
bill currency
bill entity
bill measure
bill standard
bill abstraction
bill act
bill activity
bill diversion
bill entertainment
bill entity
bill event
bill performance
bill presentation
bill program
bill show
bill abstraction
bill communication
bill database
bill entity
bill information
bill list
bill message
bill artifact
bill entity
bill implement
bill instrumentality
bill object
bill saw
bill tool
bill whole
bill artifact
bill brim
bill entity
bill object
bill projection
bill structure
bill whole
bill advertise
bill evaluate
bill measure
bill praise
bill think
billboard artifact
billboard entity
billboard object
billboard structure
billboard whole
billion abstraction
billion entity
billion integer
billion measure
billion number
billion abstraction
billion entity
billion integer
billion measure
billion number
bimbo adult
bimbo entity
bimbo female
bimbo girl
bimbo object
bimbo organism
bimbo person
bimbo whole
bimbo woman
bin artifact
bin container
bin entity
bin instrumentality
bin object
bin whole
bin abstraction
bin entity
bin measure
bin have
bin keep
bin store
binary abstraction
binary code
binary communication
binary entity
binary program
binary software
binary writing
bind abstraction
bind cognition
bind difficulty
bind entity
bind hindrance
bind act
bind interact
bind relate
bind attach
bind connect
bind attach
bind connect
bind fasten
bind cover
bind adhere
bind attach
bind connect
bind join
binding abstraction
binding attraction
binding attribute
binding entity
binding quality
binding artifact
binding creation
binding entity
binding object
binding sewing
binding whole
binding artifact
binding covering
binding entity
binding object
binding whole
binoculars artifact
binoculars device
binoculars entity
binoculars instrumentality
binoculars instrument
binoculars object
binoculars whole
binomial abstraction
binomial cognition
binomial concept
binomial content
binomial entity
binomial idea
binomial quantity
biochemist chemist
biochemist entity
biochemist object
biochemist organism
biochemist person
biochemist scientist
biochemist whole
biochemistry abstraction
biochemistry chemistry
biochemistry cognition
biochemistry content
biochemistry discipline
biochemistry entity
biochemistry science
biodiversity abstraction
biodiversity attribute
biodiversity difference
biodiversity entity
biodiversity quality
biographer entity
biographer object
biographer organism
biographer person
biographer whole
biographer writer
biography abstraction
biography communication
biography entity
biography evidence
biography history
biography indication
biography record
biologist entity
biologist object
biologist organism
biologist person
biologist scientist
biologist whole
biology abstraction
biology cognition
biology content
biology discipline
biology entity
biology science
biology entity
biology life
biology phenomenon
biology process
biophysics abstraction
biophysics cognition
biophysics content
biophysics discipline
biophysics entity
biophysics physics
biophysics science
biopsy abstraction
biopsy act
biopsy activity
biopsy attempt
biopsy entity
biopsy event
biopsy test
biosphere entity
biosphere location
biosphere object
biosphere region
biotechnology abstraction
biotechnology biology
biotechnology cognition
biotechnology content
biotechnology discipline
biotechnology entity
biotechnology science
biotechnology abstraction
biotechnology cognition
biotechnology content
biotechnology discipline
biotechnology engineering
biotechnology entity
birch abstraction
birch entity
birch material
birch matter
birch part
birch relation
birch substance
birch wood
birch entity
birch object
birch organism
birch plant
birch tree
birch whole
birch artifact
birch device
birch entity
birch instrumentality
birch instrument
birch object
birch switch
birch whole
birch beat
bird animal
bird entity
bird object
bird organism
bird vertebrate
bird whole
bird entity
bird food
bird matter
bird meat
bird solid
bird observe
bird watch
birth abstraction
birth beginning
birth entity
birth measure
birth point
birth abstraction
birth change
birth entity
birth event
birth happening
birth entity
birth object
birth organism
birth person
birth whole
birthday abstraction
birthday anniversary
birthday day
birthday entity
birthday measure
birthday abstraction
birthday date
birthday day
birthday entity
birthday measure
birthmark abstraction
birthmark appearance
birthmark attribute
birthmark blemish
birthmark entity
birthmark quality
birthplace entity
birthplace location
birthplace object
birthplace point
birthplace beginning
birthplace entity
birthplace location
birthplace object
birthplace point
birthrate abstraction
birthrate entity
birthrate rate
birthrate relation
birthright abstraction
birthright attribute
birthright entity
birthright inheritance
birthright abstraction
birthright entity
birthright inheritance
birthright possession
birthright relation
birthright abstraction
birthright attribute
birthright entity
birthright inheritance
biscuit bread
biscuit entity
biscuit food
biscuit foodstuff
biscuit matter
biscuit solid
biscuit substance
bisexual entity
bisexual object
bisexual organism
bisexual person
bisexual whole
bisexuality entity
bisexuality process
bishop abstraction
bishop attribute
bishop clergyman
bishop entity
bishop leader
bishop object
bishop organism
bishop person
bishop priest
bishop state
bishop status
bishop whole
bishop abstraction
bishop agent
bishop alcohol
bishop beverage
bishop drug
bishop entity
bishop fluid
bishop food
bishop liquid
bishop matter
bishop part
bishop relation
bishop substance
bishop wine
bishop artifact
bishop entity
bishop equipment
bishop instrumentality
bishop man
bishop object
bishop whole
bison animal
bison entity
bison mammal
bison object
bison organism
bison vertebrate
bison whole
bit entity
bit fragment
bit part
bit thing
bit artifact
bit entity
bit equipment
bit gear
bit instrumentality
bit object
bit whole
bit abstraction
bit entity
bit measure
bit entity
bit object
bit part
bit artifact
bit entity
bit implement
bit instrumentality
bit object
bit tool
bit whole
bitch abstraction
bitch attribute
bitch condition
bitch difficulty
bitch entity
bitch state
bitch animal
bitch canine
bitch carnivore
bitch entity
bitch mammal
bitch object
bitch organism
bitch vertebrate
bitch whole
bite abstraction
bite attribute
bite condition
bite entity
bite injury
bite state
bite wound
bite entity
bite food
bite matter
bite meal
bite substance
bite abstraction
bite entity
bite event
bite happening
bite success
bite consumption
bite eating
bite entity
bite process
bite abstraction
bite act
bite action
bite change
bite decrease
bite entity
bite event
bite subtraction
bite grip
bite seize
bite take
bite ache
bite enter
bite penetrate
bite pierce
bitmap artifact
bitmap creation
bitmap entity
bitmap object
bitmap picture
bitmap representation
bitmap whole
bitter abstraction
bitter agent
bitter alcohol
bitter ale
bitter beer
bitter beverage
bitter brew
bitter drug
bitter entity
bitter fluid
bitter food
bitter liquid
bitter matter
bitter part
bitter relation
bitter substance
bitter abstraction
bitter cognition
bitter entity
bitter perception
bitter process
bitter sensation
bitter taste
bitter change
bitterness abstraction
bitterness attribute
bitterness disposition
bitterness entity
bitterness nature
bitterness trait
bitterness abstraction
bitterness attribute
bitterness entity
bitterness property
black abstraction
black attribute
black color
black entity
black property
black entity
black object
black organism
black person
black whole
black artifact
black entity
black equipment
black instrumentality
black man
black object
black whole
black artifact
black clothing
black commodity
black covering
black entity
black object
black whole
blackberry berry
blackberry entity
blackberry food
blackberry fruit
blackberry matter
blackberry object
blackberry produce
blackberry solid
blackberry whole
blackberry entity
blackberry object
blackberry organism
blackberry plant
blackberry whole
blackberry berry
blackberry gather
blackberry pick
blackbird animal
blackbird bird
blackbird entity
blackbird object
blackbird organism
blackbird thrush
blackbird vertebrate
blackbird whole
blackboard artifact
blackboard entity
blackboard object
blackboard sheet
blackboard whole
blackhead abstraction
blackhead appearance
blackhead attribute
blackhead blemish
blackhead entity
blackhead quality
blackjack artifact
blackjack bludgeon
blackjack club
blackjack entity
blackjack implement
blackjack instrumentality
blackjack object
blackjack stick
blackjack whole
blackjack abstraction
blackjack act
blackjack activity
blackjack entity
blackjack event
blackjack game
blacklist abstraction
blacklist communication
blacklist database
blacklist entity
blacklist information
blacklist list
blacklist message
blacklist have
blacklist keep
blacklist list
blacklist record
blacklist register
blacklist save
blackmail abstraction
blackmail act
blackmail activity
blackmail crime
blackmail entity
blackmail event
blackmail extortion
blackmail felony
blackmail transgression
blackmail affect
blackmail change
blackmail influence
blackmail take
blacksmith entity
blacksmith object
blacksmith organism
blacksmith person
blacksmith smith
blacksmith whole
blacksmith worker
blacktop artifact
blacktop entity
blacktop object
blacktop whole
blacktop coat
blacktop cover
bladder cavity
bladder entity
bladder part
bladder structure
bladder thing
bladder artifact
bladder bag
bladder container
bladder entity
bladder instrumentality
bladder object
bladder whole
blade entity
blade leaf
blade object
blade whole
blade entity
blade juvenile
blade object
blade organism
blade person
blade whole
blade entity
blade object
blade ribbon
blade cut
blade entity
blade food
blade matter
blade meat
blade solid
blade entity
blade part
blade structure
blade thing
blade artifact
blade device
blade entity
blade instrumentality
blade object
blade runner
blade whole
blade artifact
blade device
blade entity
blade instrumentality
blade mechanism
blade object
blade whole
blade artifact
blade entity
blade implement
blade instrumentality
blade object
blade tool
blade whole
blame abstraction
blame communication
blame criticism
blame disapproval
blame entity
blame message
blame rebuke
blame reproach
blame charge
blame comment
blame express
blame knock
blame note
blame state
blame evaluate
blame think
blank artifact
blank entity
blank object
blank sheet
blank whole
blank ammunition
blank artifact
blank entity
blank instrumentality
blank object
blank weaponry
blank whole
blank prevent
blanket artifact
blanket covering
blanket entity
blanket object
blanket whole
blanket covering
blanket entity
blanket object
blanket whole
blanket artifact
blanket entity
blanket layer
blanket object
blanket whole
blanket cover
blanket touch
blankness abstraction
blankness attribute
blankness condition
blankness emptiness
blankness entity
blankness state
blasphemy abstraction
blasphemy communication
blasphemy entity
blasphemy message
blasphemy utterance
blast abstraction
blast act
blast entity
blast event
blast fly
blast hit
blast touch
blast abstraction
blast discharge
blast entity
blast event
blast explosion
blast happening
blast sound
blast attack
blast contend
blast blow
blast move
blast send
blast make
blast cut
blast make
blast fire
blast break
blast separate
blast smash
blast change
blast decrease
blaze combustion
blaze entity
blaze fire
blaze oxidation
blaze process
blaze artifact
blaze decoration
blaze design
blaze entity
blaze marking
blaze object
blaze whole
blaze shine
blaze burn
blaze change
blaze depart
blaze leave
blaze act
blaze communicate
blaze inform
blaze interact
blaze mark
blaze tell
bleach abstraction
bleach attribute
bleach color
bleach entity
bleach property
bleach white
bleach abstraction
bleach act
bleach action
bleach change
bleach entity
bleach event
bleach change
bleeding abstraction
bleeding attribute
bleeding condition
bleeding entity
bleeding injury
bleeding state
blemish abstraction
blemish appearance
blemish attribute
blemish entity
blemish quality
blemish change
blemish dirty
blend abstraction
blend combining
blend entity
blend event
blend happening
blend mix
blend union
blend abstraction
blend entity
blend part
blend relation
blend word
blend abstraction
blend act
blend action
blend change
blend combination
blend entity
blend event
blend change
blend mix
blend equal
blend match
blend change
bless make
bless raise
bless allocate
bless assign
bless award
bless confer
bless distribute
bless give
bless transfer
bless act
bless communicate
bless interact
blessedness abstraction
blessedness attribute
blessedness emotion
blessedness entity
blessedness feeling
blessedness happiness
blessedness state
blessing abstraction
blessing act
blessing activity
blessing aid
blessing entity
blessing event
blessing support
blessing abstraction
blessing attribute
blessing condition
blessing entity
blessing fortune
blessing state
blessing abstraction
blessing act
blessing activity
blessing entity
blessing event
blessing prayer
blessing worship
blimp aircraft
blimp artifact
blimp conveyance
blimp craft
blimp entity
blimp instrumentality
blimp object
blimp vehicle
blimp whole
blind abstraction
blind entity
blind group
blind people
blind artifact
blind covering
blind entity
blind object
blind screen
blind whole
blind artifact
blind covering
blind entity
blind object
blind whole
blind change
blind darken
blindness abstraction
blindness attribute
blindness condition
blindness disability
blindness entity
blindness state
blink entity
blink process
blink reaction
blink reflex
blink act
blinker artifact
blinker device
blinker entity
blinker instrumentality
blinker light
blinker object
blinker whole
blinker abstraction
blinker communication
blinker entity
blinker signal
blinker cover
bliss abstraction
bliss attribute
bliss condition
bliss elation
bliss entity
bliss state
blister abstraction
blister attribute
blister defect
blister entity
blister imperfection
blister state
blister entity
blister part
blister process
blister thing
blister cavity
blister entity
blister part
blister structure
blister thing
blister change
blister expand
blister grow
blister increase
blister swell
blister attack
blister comment
blister express
blister knock
blister note
blister state
blister change
blitz abstraction
blitz act
blitz activity
blitz attack
blitz entity
blitz event
blitz operation
blitz attack
blitz contend
blizzard entity
blizzard phenomenon
blizzard process
blizzard storm
blob abstraction
blob attribute
blob entity
blob shape
block artifact
block entity
block object
block whole
block area
block entity
block location
block object
block region
block abstraction
block attribute
block entity
block shape
block solid
block abstraction
block collection
block entity
block group
block artifact
block entity
block housing
block object
block structure
block whole
block abstraction
block entity
block measure
block abstraction
block cognition
block entity
block inability
block control
block direct
block manage
block operate
block drug
block medicate
block treat
block change
block impress
block hold
block change
block shape
block change
block shape
blockade abstraction
blockade act
blockade entity
blockade event
blockade artifact
blockade entity
blockade object
blockade obstruction
blockade structure
blockade whole
blockade impede
blockade obstruct
blockade prevent
blockade attack
blockade besiege
blockade contend
blockage artifact
blockage entity
blockage object
blockage obstruction
blockage structure
blockage whole
blockage abstraction
blockage act
blockage entity
blockage event
blockage hindrance
blockage obstruction
blockbuster artifact
blockbuster bomb
blockbuster device
blockbuster entity
blockbuster instrumentality
blockbuster object
blockbuster weaponry
blockbuster whole
blockbuster abstraction
blockbuster accomplishment
blockbuster act
blockbuster action
blockbuster attainment
blockbuster entity
blockbuster event
blockbuster hit
blockbuster success
blocking abstraction
blocking act
blocking action
blocking change
blocking entity
blocking event
blocking maneuver
blocking motion
blocking obstruction
blog act
blog communicate
blog interact
blogger entity
blogger object
blogger organism
blogger person
blogger whole
blond entity
blond object
blond organism
blond person
blond whole
blond abstraction
blond attribute
blond color
blond entity
blond property
blood abstraction
blood entity
blood matter
blood part
blood relation
blood substance
blood abstraction
blood attribute
blood disposition
blood entity
blood nature
blood trait
blood abstraction
blood entity
blood group
blood people
blood cover
bloodbath abstraction
bloodbath act
bloodbath action
bloodbath change
bloodbath entity
bloodbath event
bloodbath homicide
bloodbath killing
bloodbath murder
bloodbath slaughter
bloodbath termination
bloodiness abstraction
bloodiness attribute
bloodiness condition
bloodiness entity
bloodiness state
bloodiness abstraction
bloodiness attribute
bloodiness disposition
bloodiness entity
bloodiness nature
bloodiness trait
bloodshed abstraction
bloodshed act
bloodshed action
bloodshed change
bloodshed entity
bloodshed event
bloodshed homicide
bloodshed killing
bloodshed murder
bloodshed termination
bloodstream abstraction
bloodstream blood
bloodstream entity
bloodstream matter
bloodstream part
bloodstream relation
bloodstream substance
bloody cover
bloody touch
bloom abstraction
bloom entity
bloom measure
bloom abstraction
bloom attribute
bloom condition
bloom entity
bloom state
bloom change
bloom develop
bloom grow
bloom increase
bloomers artifact
bloomers clothing
bloomers commodity
bloomers covering
bloomers entity
bloomers garment
bloomers object
bloomers whole
blooming entity
blooming process
blossom change
blossom develop
blossom grow
blossom increase
blot abstraction
blot act
blot entity
blot event
blot mistake
blot absorb
blotch abstraction
blotch appearance
blotch attribute
blotch blemish
blotch entity
blotch quality
blotch smudge
blouse artifact
blouse clothing
blouse commodity
blouse covering
blouse entity
blouse object
blouse top
blouse whole
blow abstraction
blow act
blow action
blow change
blow entity
blow event
blow motion
blow stroke
blow abstraction
blow contact
blow entity
blow event
blow happening
blow impact
blow breath
blow entity
blow exhalation
blow process
blow breathe
blow exhaust
blow sound
blow change
blow shape
blow give
blow pay
blow spend
blow transfer
blow sound
blow move
blow send
blow move
blow pour
blow run
blow spurt
blow lay
blow move
blow put
blow act
blow communicate
blow inform
blow interact
blow tell
blow rest
blow break
blow burst
blow change
blower artifact
blower device
blower entity
blower instrumentality
blower object
blower whole
blowgun artifact
blowgun conduit
blowgun entity
blowgun object
blowgun passage
blowgun tube
blowgun way
blowgun whole
blowing entity
blowing processing
blowing process
blowtorch apparatus
blowtorch artifact
blowtorch burner
blowtorch entity
blowtorch equipment
blowtorch instrumentality
blowtorch object
blowtorch whole
bludgeon artifact
bludgeon club
bludgeon entity
bludgeon implement
bludgeon instrumentality
bludgeon object
bludgeon stick
bludgeon whole
bludgeon compel
bludgeon induce
blue abstraction
blue attribute
blue color
blue entity
blue property
blue artifact
blue clothing
blue commodity
blue covering
blue entity
blue object
blue whole
blue abstraction
blue entity
blue group
blue organization
blue animal
blue butterfly
blue entity
blue insect
blue invertebrate
blue object
blue organism
blue whole
blue change
blueberry entity
blueberry object
blueberry organism
blueberry plant
blueberry shrub
blueberry whole
blueberry berry
blueberry entity
blueberry food
blueberry fruit
blueberry matter
blueberry object
blueberry produce
blueberry solid
blueberry whole
bluebird animal
bluebird bird
bluebird entity
bluebird object
bluebird organism
bluebird thrush
bluebird vertebrate
bluebird whole
blueprint abstraction
blueprint cognition
blueprint content
blueprint entity
blueprint idea
blueprint plan
blueprint artifact
blueprint creation
blueprint entity
blueprint object
blueprint photograph
blueprint representation
blueprint whole
blueprint design
blueprint make
blues abstraction
blues communication
blues entity
blues music
blues song
blues abstraction
blues attribute
blues condition
blues depression
blues entity
blues state
bluff bank
bluff entity
bluff object
bluff ridge
bluff abstraction
bluff communication
bluff entity
bluff falsehood
bluff message
bluff misrepresentation
bluff pretense
bluff statement
bluff abstraction
bluff act
bluff activity
bluff deception
bluff entity
bluff event
bluff falsification
bluff move
bluff arouse
bluff frighten
bluff make
bluff stimulate
blunder abstraction
blunder act
blunder entity
blunder event
blunder mistake
blunt change
blunt weaken
blunt change
blur abstraction
blur cognition
blur content
blur entity
blur representation
blur change
blur decrease
blur weaken
boa animal
boa entity
boa object
boa organism
boa reptile
boa snake
boa vertebrate
boa whole
boar animal
boar entity
boar mammal
boar object
boar organism
boar swine
boar vertebrate
boar whole
board abstraction
board committee
board entity
board group
board organization
board unit
board artifact
board entity
board lumber
board object
board whole
board artifact
board entity
board object
board sheet
board whole
board entity
board fare
board food
board matter
board substance
board artifact
board entity
board object
board surface
board whole
board enter
board be
board populate
board consume
board use
board give
board provide
board transfer
boarder entity
boarder intruder
boarder object
boarder organism
boarder person
boarder traveler
boarder whole
boarder entity
boarder juvenile
boarder object
boarder organism
boarder person
boarder whole
boarding abstraction
boarding act
boarding departure
boarding entity
boarding event
boarding artifact
boarding entity
boarding object
boarding structure
boarding whole
boardroom area
boardroom artifact
boardroom entity
boardroom object
boardroom room
boardroom structure
boardroom whole
boast abstraction
boast act
boast entity
boast event
boast act
boast communicate
boast inform
boast interact
boastfulness abstraction
boastfulness attribute
boastfulness entity
boastfulness trait
boat artifact
boat conveyance
boat craft
boat entity
boat instrumentality
boat object
boat vehicle
boat vessel
boat whole
boat ride
boat travel
boater artifact
boater clothing
boater commodity
boater covering
boater entity
boater hat
boater headdress
boater object
boater whole
boathouse artifact
boathouse building
boathouse entity
boathouse object
boathouse shed
boathouse structure
boathouse whole
boatman entity
boatman object
boatman organism
boatman person
boatman whole
boatman worker
bob covering
bob entity
bob hair
bob object
bob whole
bob artifact
bob entity
bob object
bob weight
bob whole
bob artifact
bob entity
bob float
bob object
bob whole
bob abstraction
bob act
bob action
bob change
bob entity
bob event
bob inclination
bob motion
bob move
bob better
bob change
bob dress
bob groom
bobcat animal
bobcat carnivore
bobcat cat
bobcat entity
bobcat feline
bobcat lynx
bobcat mammal
bobcat object
bobcat organism
bobcat vertebrate
bobcat whole
bobcat wildcat
bode act
bode communicate
bode inform
bode interact
bode tell
body entity
body object
body whole
body abstraction
body entity
body group
body entity
body object
body whole
body entity
body object
body whole
body abstraction
body entity
body group
body system
body abstraction
body communication
body entity
body message
body abstraction
body attribute
body entity
body mass
body measure
body property
body artifact
body entity
body object
body structure
body whole
body act
body communicate
body convey
body embody
body impart
body inform
body interact
body mean
body tell
bodybuilding abstraction
bodybuilding act
bodybuilding activity
bodybuilding effort
bodybuilding entity
bodybuilding event
bodybuilding exercise
bodybuilding labor
bodybuilding work
bodyguard defender
bodyguard entity
bodyguard object
bodyguard organism
bodyguard person
bodyguard whole
bodyguard abstraction
bodyguard detachment
bodyguard entity
bodyguard group
bodyguard guard
bodyguard organization
bodyguard unit
bog entity
bog land
bog object
bog wetland
bohemian entity
bohemian inhabitant
bohemian object
bohemian organism
bohemian person
bohemian whole
bohemian entity
bohemian object
bohemian organism
bohemian person
bohemian whole
boil abstraction
boil attribute
boil condition
boil entity
boil infection
boil state
boil change
boiler artifact
boiler container
boiler entity
boiler instrumentality
boiler object
boiler vessel
boiler whole
boiling entity
boiling heating
boiling process
boiling vaporization
boiling abstraction
boiling act
boiling action
boiling change
boiling cooking
boiling entity
boiling event
boldness abstraction
boldness attribute
boldness character
boldness courage
boldness entity
boldness fearlessness
boldness spirit
boldness trait
boldness abstraction
boldness aggressiveness
boldness attribute
boldness drive
boldness entity
boldness trait
boldness abstraction
boldness attribute
boldness entity
boldness property
boldness visibility
bolero abstraction
bolero communication
bolero entity
bolero music
bolero artifact
bolero clothing
bolero coat
bolero commodity
bolero covering
bolero entity
bolero garment
bolero jacket
bolero object
bolero whole
bolero abstraction
bolero act
bolero activity
bolero cognition
bolero content
bolero dancing
bolero discipline
bolero diversion
bolero entity
bolero event
bolero show
bologna entity
bologna food
bologna matter
bologna meat
bologna sausage
bologna solid
bolster artifact
bolster cushion
bolster entity
bolster object
bolster pillow
bolster whole
bolster change
bolster reinforce
bolster strengthen
bolster hold
bolt artifact
bolt bar
bolt entity
bolt implement
bolt instrumentality
bolt object
bolt whole
bolt artifact
bolt bar
bolt entity
bolt implement
bolt instrumentality
bolt object
bolt whole
bolt abstraction
bolt attribute
bolt cylinder
bolt entity
bolt roll
bolt shape
bolt solid
bolt artifact
bolt device
bolt entity
bolt fastener
bolt instrumentality
bolt object
bolt restraint
bolt screw
bolt whole
bolt abandonment
bolt abstraction
bolt act
bolt entity
bolt event
bolt rejection
bolt move
bolt attach
bolt connect
bolt fasten
bolt lock
bolt consume
bolt swallow
bolt change
bomb artifact
bomb device
bomb entity
bomb instrumentality
bomb object
bomb weaponry
bomb whole
bombardier entity
bombardier object
bombardier organism
bombardier person
bombardier serviceman
bombardier whole
bombardier worker
bombardier entity
bombardier object
bombardier organism
bombardier person
bombardier whole
bombardier worker
bombardment abstraction
bombardment act
bombardment emission
bombardment entity
bombardment event
bombardment radiation
bomber aircraft
bomber airplane
bomber artifact
bomber conveyance
bomber craft
bomber entity
bomber instrumentality
bomber object
bomber vehicle
bomber whole
bomber entity
bomber object
bomber organism
bomber person
bomber whole
bomber dish
bomber entity
bomber food
bomber matter
bomber sandwich
bomber substance
bombing abstraction
bombing act
bombing activity
bombing attack
bombing entity
bombing event
bombing operation
bombing abstraction
bombing act
bombing action
bombing change
bombing destruction
bombing entity
bombing event
bombing sabotage
bombing termination
bonanza entity
bonanza object
bonanza vein
bonbon candy
bonbon dainty
bonbon entity
bonbon food
bonbon matter
bonbon substance
bonbon sweet
bond abstraction
bond communication
bond document
bond entity
bond security
bond writing
bond abstraction
bond entity
bond material
bond matter
bond paper
bond part
bond relation
bond substance
bond be
bond mortgage
bond owe
bond change
bond unite
bondage abstraction
bondage attribute
bondage entity
bondage relationship
bondage state
bondage subjugation
bondage abstraction
bondage attribute
bondage entity
bondage relationship
bondage state
bondage subjugation
bondage entity
bondage process
bonding abstraction
bonding entity
bonding relation
bonding relationship
bonding ability
bonding abstraction
bonding cognition
bonding entity
bonding method
bonding technique
bonding abstraction
bonding act
bonding action
bonding change
bonding entity
bonding event
bonding joining
bondman entity
bondman object
bondman organism
bondman person
bondman slave
bondman whole
bondman entity
bondman object
bondman organism
bondman person
bondman slave
bondman whole
bone entity
bone part
bone thing
bone tissue
bone abstraction
bone entity
bone material
bone matter
bone part
bone relation
bone substance
bone abstraction
bone attribute
bone color
bone entity
bone property
bone white
bone remove
bonfire abstraction
bonfire entity
bonfire event
bonfire fire
bonfire happening
bong abstraction
bong entity
bong event
bong happening
bong sound
bong resound
bong sound
bongo artifact
bongo device
bongo drum
bongo entity
bongo instrumentality
bongo object
bongo whole
bongo animal
bongo antelope
bongo entity
bongo mammal
bongo object
bongo organism
bongo vertebrate
bongo whole
bonsai entity
bonsai object
bonsai organism
bonsai plant
bonsai tree
bonsai whole
bonus abstraction
bonus cognition
bonus entity
bonus information
bonus stimulation
bonus abstraction
bonus cost
bonus entity
bonus payment
bonus possession
bonus relation
boo abstraction
boo communication
boo cry
boo entity
boo utterance
boo condemn
boo declare
boo express
boo state
booby animal
booby bird
booby entity
booby object
booby organism
booby seabird
booby vertebrate
booby whole
boogie abstraction
boogie blues
boogie communication
boogie entity
boogie jazz
boogie music
boogie song
boogie dance
boogie move
book artifact
book creation
book entity
book object
book product
book publication
book whole
book work
book artifact
book creation
book entity
book object
book product
book whole
book abstraction
book collection
book entity
book group
book abstraction
book collection
book entity
book group
book abstraction
book communication
book entity
book music
book section
book writing
book artifact
book creation
book entity
book object
book product
book whole
book plan
book schedule
book think
book have
book keep
book record
book save
book have
book keep
book record
book register
book save
booking abstraction
booking act
booking action
booking employment
booking entity
booking event
bookkeeping abstraction
bookkeeping accountancy
bookkeeping act
bookkeeping activity
bookkeeping entity
bookkeeping event
bookkeeping occupation
booklet artifact
booklet book
booklet creation
booklet entity
booklet object
booklet product
booklet publication
booklet whole
booklet work
bookmaker creator
bookmaker entity
bookmaker maker
bookmaker object
bookmaker organism
bookmaker person
bookmaker whole
bookmaker entity
bookmaker gambler
bookmaker object
bookmaker organism
bookmaker person
bookmaker whole
bookshop artifact
bookshop entity
bookshop establishment
bookshop object
bookshop shop
bookshop structure
bookshop whole
bookworm entity
bookworm intellectual
bookworm object
bookworm organism
bookworm person
bookworm reader
bookworm scholar
bookworm whole
boom abstraction
boom entity
boom event
boom happening
boom noise
boom sound
boom abstraction
boom attribute
boom condition
boom entity
boom prosperity
boom state
boom abstraction
boom entity
boom event
boom happening
boom artifact
boom entity
boom implement
boom instrumentality
boom object
boom pole
boom rod
boom whole
boom artifact
boom entity
boom implement
boom instrumentality
boom object
boom pole
boom rod
boom spar
boom whole
boom sound
boom change
boom grow
boom increase
boomerang artifact
boomerang device
boomerang entity
boomerang instrumentality
boomerang instrument
boomerang object
boomerang projectile
boomerang weapon
boomerang whole
boomerang return
boomerang travel
boost abstraction
boost act
boost activity
boost aid
boost entity
boost event
boost abstraction
boost act
boost entity
boost event
boost propulsion
boost push
boost change
boost increase
boost change
boost increase
boost move
boost push
boost thrust
booster criminal
booster entity
booster object
booster organism
booster person
booster principal
booster thief
booster whole
booster amplifier
booster artifact
booster entity
booster equipment
booster instrumentality
booster object
booster whole
booster artifact
booster device
booster engine
booster entity
booster instrumentality
booster machine
booster motor
booster object
booster rocket
booster whole
booster agent
booster dose
booster drug
booster entity
booster matter
booster medicine
booster substance
boot artifact
boot covering
boot entity
boot footwear
boot object
boot whole
boot area
boot artifact
boot compartment
boot entity
boot object
boot room
boot structure
boot whole
boot artifact
boot covering
boot entity
boot housing
boot object
boot shell
boot whole
boot artifact
boot device
boot entity
boot instrumentality
boot instrument
boot object
boot whole
boot abstraction
boot act
boot activity
boot entity
boot event
boot maltreatment
boot persecution
boot practice
boot torture
boot hit
boot kick
boot touch
boot awaken
boot change
booth artifact
booth entity
booth furnishing
booth furniture
booth instrumentality
booth object
booth table
booth whole
booth area
booth artifact
booth closet
booth entity
booth object
booth room
booth structure
booth whole
booth artifact
booth entity
booth establishment
booth object
booth shop
booth structure
booth whole
bootleg artifact
bootleg covering
bootleg entity
bootleg object
bootleg whole
bootleg exchange
bootleg sell
bootleg transfer
bootleg produce
bootstrap artifact
bootstrap entity
bootstrap implement
bootstrap instrumentality
bootstrap object
bootstrap strap
bootstrap whole
bootstrap help
bootstrap support
bop abstraction
bop communication
bop entity
bop jazz
bop music
bop dance
bop move
borax abstraction
borax entity
borax material
borax matter
borax mineral
borax part
borax relation
borax substance
border boundary
border edge
border entity
border extremity
border limit
border location
border object
border region
border give
border supply
border transfer
border touch
borderland district
borderland entity
borderland location
borderland object
borderland region
bore entity
bore object
bore organism
bore person
bore whole
bore abstraction
bore attribute
bore diameter
bore dimension
bore entity
bore length
bore magnitude
bore measure
bore property
bore artifact
bore entity
bore excavation
bore object
bore whole
bore cut
bore move
bore separate
boredom abstraction
boredom attribute
boredom desire
boredom dissatisfaction
boredom entity
boredom feeling
boredom longing
boredom state
boring abstraction
boring act
boring commerce
boring entity
boring event
boring industry
boring production
boring transaction
boringness abstraction
boringness attribute
boringness dullness
boringness entity
boringness quality
borough district
borough entity
borough location
borough object
borough region
borough abstraction
borough entity
borough gathering
borough group
borough municipality
borough town
borrow get
borrower entity
borrower object
borrower organism
borrower person
borrower recipient
borrower whole
borrowing abstraction
borrowing act
borrowing appropriation
borrowing entity
borrowing event
borrowing abstraction
borrowing act
borrowing entity
borrowing event
borrowing transaction
bosom abstraction
bosom attribute
bosom entity
bosom isolation
bosom privacy
bosom separation
bosom state
bosom breast
bosom entity
bosom part
bosom thing
bosom artifact
bosom covering
bosom entity
bosom object
bosom whole
bosom hide
boss employer
boss entity
boss leader
boss object
boss organism
boss person
boss whole
boss entity
boss leader
boss object
boss organism
boss person
boss whole
botanical agent
botanical drug
botanical entity
botanical matter
botanical substance
botanist biologist
botanist entity
botanist object
botanist organism
botanist person
botanist scientist
botanist whole
botany abstraction
botany biology
botany cognition
botany content
botany discipline
botany entity
botany science
bother enter
bother affect
bother agitate
bother disturb
bother arouse
bother confuse
bother make
bother upset
bottle artifact
bottle container
bottle entity
bottle instrumentality
bottle object
bottle vessel
bottle whole
bottle abstraction
bottle entity
bottle measure
bottle artifact
bottle container
bottle entity
bottle instrumentality
bottle object
bottle vessel
bottle whole
bottle have
bottle keep
bottle store
bottle move
bottle put
bottom boundary
bottom entity
bottom extremity
bottom location
bottom object
bottom region
bottom side
bottom surface
bottom entity
bottom location
bottom object
bottom region
bottom abstraction
bottom cognition
bottom concept
bottom content
bottom entity
bottom idea
bottom part
bottom turn
bottom artifact
bottom conveyance
bottom craft
bottom entity
bottom instrumentality
bottom object
bottom ship
bottom vehicle
bottom vessel
bottom whole
bottom give
bottom supply
bottom transfer
bottom hit
bottom touch
boulder entity
boulder object
boulder rock
boulder whole
bounce abstraction
bounce attribute
bounce elasticity
bounce entity
bounce property
bounce abstraction
bounce entity
bounce event
bounce happening
bounce movement
bounce jump
bounce move
bounce hit
bounce move
bounce travel
bounce return
bounce travel
bounce jump
bounce move
bounce refuse
bounce eject
bounce expel
bounce move
bound enclose
bound hold
bound include
boundary entity
boundary extremity
boundary location
boundary object
boundary region
boundary abstraction
boundary attribute
boundary entity
boundary line
boundary shape
bounty abstraction
bounty cost
bounty entity
bounty payment
bounty possession
bounty relation
bounty reward
bounty abstraction
bounty attribute
bounty entity
bounty generosity
bounty good
bounty kindness
bounty morality
bounty quality
bouquet abstraction
bouquet arrangement
bouquet artifact
bouquet decoration
bouquet entity
bouquet group
bouquet object
bouquet whole
bouquet abstraction
bouquet attribute
bouquet entity
bouquet property
bourbon adult
bourbon conservative
bourbon entity
bourbon object
bourbon organism
bourbon person
bourbon reactionary
bourbon whole
bourbon abstraction
bourbon agent
bourbon alcohol
bourbon beverage
bourbon drug
bourbon entity
bourbon fluid
bourbon food
bourbon liquid
bourbon liquor
bourbon matter
bourbon part
bourbon relation
bourbon substance
bourbon whiskey
bourbon entity
bourbon object
bourbon organism
bourbon person
bourbon ruler
bourbon whole
bourbon abstraction
bourbon dynasty
bourbon entity
bourbon family
bourbon genealogy
bourbon group
bourbon kin
bourbon lineage
bourgeois commoner
bourgeois entity
bourgeois object
bourgeois organism
bourgeois person
bourgeois whole
bout abstraction
bout entity
bout measure
bout abstraction
bout contest
bout entity
bout event
boutique artifact
boutique entity
boutique establishment
boutique object
boutique shop
boutique structure
boutique whole
bovine animal
bovine entity
bovine mammal
bovine object
bovine organism
bovine vertebrate
bovine whole
bow artifact
bow device
bow entity
bow fastener
bow instrumentality
bow knot
bow object
bow restraint
bow whole
bow artifact
bow entity
bow implement
bow instrumentality
bow object
bow stick
bow whole
bow artifact
bow entity
bow front
bow object
bow side
bow surface
bow whole
bow artifact
bow device
bow entity
bow instrumentality
bow instrument
bow object
bow weapon
bow whole
bow abstraction
bow attribute
bow curve
bow entity
bow line
bow shape
bow abstraction
bow act
bow action
bow communication
bow entity
bow event
bow gesture
bow reverence
bow abstraction
bow communication
bow entity
bow message
bow thanks
bow artifact
bow decoration
bow entity
bow object
bow whole
bow abstraction
bow act
bow action
bow change
bow entity
bow event
bow motion
bow stroke
bow act
bow communicate
bow interact
bow change
bow make
bow perform
bow play
bowels center
bowels entity
bowels location
bowels object
bowels point
bowing abstraction
bowing act
bowing activity
bowing cognition
bowing content
bowing discipline
bowing diversion
bowing entertainment
bowing entity
bowing event
bowing performance
bowing presentation
bowing show
bowl artifact
bowl container
bowl entity
bowl instrumentality
bowl object
bowl vessel
bowl whole
bowl abstraction
bowl attribute
bowl entity
bowl shape
bowl solid
bowl article
bowl artifact
bowl container
bowl crockery
bowl dish
bowl entity
bowl instrumentality
bowl object
bowl ware
bowl whole
bowl abstraction
bowl entity
bowl measure
bowl artifact
bowl ball
bowl entity
bowl equipment
bowl instrumentality
bowl object
bowl whole
bowl artifact
bowl container
bowl entity
bowl instrumentality
bowl object
bowl whole
bowl travel
bowl wheel
bowl move
bowl throw
bowl compete
bowl play
bowler athlete
bowler contestant
bowler entity
bowler object
bowler organism
bowler person
bowler whole
bowler contestant
bowler entity
bowler object
bowler organism
bowler person
bowler player
bowler whole
bowling abstraction
bowling act
bowling activity
bowling entity
bowling event
bowling game
bowling abstraction
bowling act
bowling entity
bowling event
bowling propulsion
bowling throw
bowling abstraction
bowling act
bowling action
bowling entity
bowling event
box artifact
box container
box entity
box instrumentality
box object
box whole
box area
box artifact
box compartment
box entity
box object
box room
box structure
box whole
box abstraction
box entity
box measure
box abstraction
box attribute
box entity
box figure
box parallelogram
box polygon
box quadrilateral
box rectangle
box shape
box entity
box object
box organism
box plant
box shrub
box whole
box area
box artifact
box entity
box object
box structure
box whole
box artifact
box entity
box furnishing
box furniture
box instrumentality
box object
box seat
box whole
box area
box artifact
box compartment
box entity
box object
box room
box structure
box whole
box abstraction
box act
box action
box blow
box change
box entity
box event
box motion
box stroke
box enclose
box surround
box touch
box hit
box touch
box contend
boxer combatant
boxer entity
boxer object
boxer organism
boxer person
boxer whole
boxer entity
boxer inhabitant
boxer object
boxer organism
boxer person
boxer whole
boxer animal
boxer canine
boxer carnivore
boxer dog
boxer entity
boxer mammal
boxer object
boxer organism
boxer vertebrate
boxer whole
boxing abstraction
boxing act
boxing activity
boxing diversion
boxing entity
boxing event
boxing sport
boy adult
boy entity
boy male
boy man
boy object
boy organism
boy person
boy whole
boy adult
boy black
boy entity
boy male
boy man
boy object
boy organism
boy person
boy whole
boycott abstraction
boycott act
boycott entity
boycott event
boycott protest
boycott resistance
boycott exclude
boycott prevent
boyfriend adult
boyfriend entity
boyfriend lover
boyfriend male
boyfriend man
boyfriend object
boyfriend organism
boyfriend person
boyfriend whole
boyhood abstraction
boyhood childhood
boyhood entity
boyhood measure
brace artifact
brace device
brace entity
brace instrumentality
brace object
brace support
brace whole
brace abstraction
brace communication
brace entity
brace mark
brace punctuation
brace signal
brace symbol
brace artifact
brace entity
brace line
brace object
brace rope
brace whole
brace artifact
brace clothing
brace commodity
brace covering
brace entity
brace object
brace whole
brace artifact
brace device
brace entity
brace instrumentality
brace object
brace whole
brace entity
brace handle
brace object
brace part
brace stock
brace artifact
brace device
brace entity
brace instrumentality
brace object
brace support
brace whole
brace change
brace fix
brace change
brace strengthen
brace hold
bracelet adornment
bracelet artifact
bracelet decoration
bracelet entity
bracelet jewelry
bracelet object
bracelet whole
bracket abstraction
bracket collection
bracket entity
bracket group
bracket set
bracket abstraction
bracket communication
bracket entity
bracket mark
bracket punctuation
bracket signal
bracket symbol
bracket abstraction
bracket communication
bracket entity
bracket mark
bracket punctuation
bracket signal
bracket symbol
bracket artifact
bracket device
bracket entity
bracket instrumentality
bracket object
bracket support
bracket whole
bracket hold
bracket change
bracket edit
bracket categorize
bracket classify
bracket group
bracket reason
bracket think
brag abstraction
brag act
brag boast
brag entity
brag event
braid covering
braid entity
braid hair
braid object
braid whole
braid adornment
braid artifact
braid decoration
braid entity
braid object
braid trimming
braid whole
braid make
braid weave
braid change
braid decorate
braid change
braid twist
braid weave
braille abstraction
braille communication
braille entity
braille orthography
braille writing
braille act
braille communicate
braille interact
braille rewrite
braille write
brain entity
brain part
brain structure
brain thing
brain ability
brain abstraction
brain cognition
brain entity
brain intelligence
brain entity
brain food
brain matter
brain meat
brain solid
brain hit
brain touch
brain kill
brainstorm think
brainwashing abstraction
brainwashing act
brainwashing activity
brainwashing education
brainwashing entity
brainwashing event
brainwashing occupation
brainwashing profession
brainwashing teaching
brainwave entity
brainwave phenomenon
brainwave process
brake artifact
brake device
brake entity
brake instrumentality
brake object
brake restraint
brake whole
brake entity
brake fern
brake object
brake organism
brake plant
brake whole
brake abstraction
brake brush
brake collection
brake entity
brake group
brake vegetation
brake artifact
brake device
brake entity
brake instrumentality
brake object
brake restraint
brake whole
brake stop
bran abstraction
bran entity
bran material
bran matter
bran part
bran relation
bran substance
bran entity
bran food
bran foodstuff
bran matter
bran roughage
bran substance
branch abstraction
branch division
branch entity
branch group
branch organization
branch unit
branch entity
branch object
branch stalk
branch whole
branch abstraction
branch attribute
branch entity
branch figure
branch shape
branch entity
branch stream
branch thing
branch diverge
branch move
branching abstraction
branching act
branching action
branching change
branching division
branching entity
branching event
branching separation
brand abstraction
brand category
brand cognition
brand concept
brand content
brand entity
brand idea
brand kind
brand abstraction
brand communication
brand entity
brand marker
brand signal
brand symbol
brand entity
brand firewood
brand fuel
brand matter
brand substance
brand change
brand mark
brand attach
brand connect
brand tag
brandy abstraction
brandy agent
brandy alcohol
brandy beverage
brandy drug
brandy entity
brandy fluid
brandy food
brandy liquid
brandy liquor
brandy matter
brandy part
brandy relation
brandy substance
brashness abstraction
brashness attribute
brashness entity
brashness trait
brass abstraction
brass alloy
brass entity
brass matter
brass mixture
brass part
brass relation
brass substance
brass artifact
brass device
brass entity
brass instrumentality
brass object
brass whole
brass artifact
brass decoration
brass entity
brass object
brass whole
brass artifact
brass entity
brass memorial
brass object
brass structure
brass whole
brassiere artifact
brassiere clothing
brassiere commodity
brassiere covering
brassiere entity
brassiere garment
brassiere object
brassiere whole
bratwurst entity
bratwurst food
bratwurst matter
bratwurst meat
bratwurst sausage
bratwurst solid
brave entity
brave object
brave organism
brave person
brave warrior
brave whole
brave abstraction
brave entity
brave group
brave people
bravo abstraction
bravo approval
bravo cheer
bravo communication
bravo entity
bravo message
bravo act
bravo communicate
bravo interact
brawl abstraction
brawl act
brawl conflict
brawl entity
brawl event
brawl fight
brawl act
brawl argue
brawl communicate
brawl converse
brawl interact
brawl quarrel
brawl talk
brawn abstraction
brawn attribute
brawn entity
brawn property
brawn strength
brazen ask
brazen challenge
brazen communicate
brazen convey
brazen defy
brazen invite
brazen move
brazen request
brazen transfer
breach abstraction
breach act
breach entity
breach event
breach failure
breach mistake
breach abstraction
breach attribute
breach entity
breach location
breach object
breach opening
breach shape
breach space
bread entity
bread food
bread foodstuff
bread matter
bread solid
bread substance
bread cover
breadbasket entity
breadbasket location
breadbasket object
breadbasket region
breadbasket artifact
breadbasket basket
breadbasket container
breadbasket entity
breadbasket instrumentality
breadbasket object
breadbasket whole
breadfruit entity
breadfruit object
breadfruit organism
breadfruit plant
breadfruit tree
breadfruit whole
breadfruit entity
breadfruit food
breadfruit fruit
breadfruit matter
breadfruit object
breadfruit produce
breadfruit solid
breadfruit whole
breadth ability
breadth abstraction
breadth cognition
breadth entity
breadth intelligence
breadwinner earner
breadwinner employee
breadwinner entity
breadwinner holder
breadwinner object
breadwinner organism
breadwinner owner
breadwinner person
breadwinner whole
breadwinner worker
break abstraction
break accident
break entity
break event
break happening
break abstraction
break change
break entity
break event
break happening
break separation
break abstraction
break change
break entity
break event
break happening
break abstraction
break act
break action
break change
break entity
break event
break maneuver
break motion
break stroke
break abstraction
break accomplishment
break act
break action
break attainment
break entity
break event
break score
break success
break abstraction
break act
break delay
break entity
break event
break inactivity
break abstraction
break act
break action
break change
break dash
break entity
break event
break locomotion
break motion
break run
break abstraction
break act
break entity
break escape
break event
break change
break damage
break destroy
break separate
break escape
break flee
break leave
break scat
break disperse
break move
break separate
break change
break end
break become
break change
break separate
break flee
break leave
break scat
break change
break collapse
break change
break end
break change
break discontinue
break become
break originate
break happen
break prevent
break ruin
break cancel
break declare
break evaluate
break invalidate
break think
break switch
break appear
break change
break make
break replace
break change
break hit
break move
break shoot
break move
break separate
break change
break decay
break detach
break disconnect
break move
break separate
break enter
break penetrate
break break
break change
break end
break interrupt
break switch
break destroy
break solve
break understand
break switch
break happen
break change
break decrease
break change
break decrease
break change
break weaken
breakable article
breakable artifact
breakable entity
breakable object
breakable whole
breakage abstraction
breakage entity
breakage measure
breakage abstraction
breakage compensation
breakage cost
breakage entity
breakage payment
breakage possession
breakage reimbursement
breakage relation
breakage abstraction
breakage act
breakage action
breakage change
breakage entity
breakage event
breakaway abstraction
breakaway act
breakaway action
breakaway change
breakaway entity
breakaway event
breakaway secession
breakaway separation
breakdown abstraction
breakdown attribute
breakdown collapse
breakdown condition
breakdown entity
breakdown illness
breakdown state
breakdown abstraction
breakdown entity
breakdown event
breakdown failure
breakdown happening
breakdown abstraction
breakdown analysis
breakdown cognition
breakdown entity
breakdown process
breakdown reasoning
breakdown thinking
breakfast entity
breakfast food
breakfast matter
breakfast meal
breakfast substance
breakfast consume
breakfast eat
breakfast feed
breakfast give
breakfast provide
breakfast transfer
breakthrough abstraction
breakthrough act
breakthrough discovery
breakthrough entity
breakthrough event
breakthrough abstraction
breakthrough act
breakthrough activity
breakthrough attack
breakthrough entity
breakthrough event
breakthrough operation
breakthrough penetration
breast entity
breast part
breast thing
breast entity
breast gland
breast organ
breast part
breast thing
breast abstraction
breast entity
breast helping
breast measure
breast entity
breast part
breast thing
breast converge
breastfeed feed
breastfeed give
breastfeed provide
breastfeed transfer
breath entity
breath process
breath air
breath entity
breath fluid
breath gas
breath matter
breath abstraction
breath entity
breath measure
breath pause
breath respite
breath breeze
breath entity
breath phenomenon
breath process
breath weather
breath wind
breathe exist
breathe change
breathe instill
breathe lend
breathe be
breathe express
breathe act
breathe communicate
breathe convey
breathe impart
breathe inform
breathe interact
breathe tell
breathe change
breathe oxidize
breathing entity
breathing process
breech artifact
breech entity
breech object
breech opening
breech whole
breeches artifact
breeches clothing
breeches commodity
breeches covering
breeches entity
breeches garment
breeches object
breeches trouser
breeches whole
breed abstraction
breed entity
breed group
breed variety
breed abstraction
breed category
breed cognition
breed concept
breed content
breed entity
breed idea
breed kind
breed type
breed connect
breed copulate
breed join
breed produce
breed make
breed reproduce
breeding abstraction
breeding attribute
breeding elegance
breeding entity
breeding quality
breeding abstraction
breeding act
breeding entity
breeding event
breeding socialization
breeding abstraction
breeding act
breeding commerce
breeding entity
breeding event
breeding industry
breeding production
breeding transaction
breeze entity
breeze phenomenon
breeze process
breeze weather
breeze wind
breeze blow
breeze travel
brethren abstraction
brethren entity
brethren group
brethren institution
brethren organization
brethren religion
brethren sect
brevity abstraction
brevity communication
brevity entity
brevity abstraction
brevity attribute
brevity duration
brevity entity
brevity property
brew abstraction
brew agent
brew alcohol
brew beverage
brew drug
brew entity
brew fluid
brew food
brew liquid
brew matter
brew part
brew relation
brew substance
brew make
brew change
brew fill
brew impregnate
brew soak
brewer creator
brewer entity
brewer maker
brewer object
brewer organism
brewer person
brewer whole
brewer creator
brewer entity
brewer maker
brewer manufacturer
brewer object
brewer organism
brewer person
brewer whole
brewery artifact
brewery entity
brewery object
brewery plant
brewery structure
brewery whole
brewing abstraction
brewing act
brewing commerce
brewing entity
brewing event
brewing industry
brewing production
brewing transaction
bribe abstraction
bribe cost
bribe entity
bribe payment
bribe possession
bribe relation
bribe give
bribe pay
bribe transfer
bribery abstraction
bribery act
bribery activity
bribery crime
bribery entity
bribery event
bribery felony
bribery transgression
brick artifact
brick ceramic
brick entity
brick instrumentality
brick object
brick whole
brick entity
brick object
brick organism
brick person
brick whole
bricklayer craftsman
bricklayer entity
bricklayer object
bricklayer organism
bricklayer person
bricklayer whole
bricklayer worker
brickwork artifact
brickwork entity
brickwork masonry
brickwork object
brickwork structure
brickwork whole
bridal abstraction
bridal act
bridal activity
bridal continuance
bridal custom
bridal entity
bridal event
bridal marriage
bridal practice
bridal ritual
bridal survival
bride entity
bride object
bride organism
bride person
bride relative
bride spouse
bride whole
bride associate
bride entity
bride object
bride organism
bride participant
bride peer
bride person
bride whole
bridge artifact
bridge entity
bridge object
bridge structure
bridge whole
bridge artifact
bridge circuit
bridge device
bridge entity
bridge instrumentality
bridge object
bridge whole
bridge abstraction
bridge connection
bridge entity
bridge relation
bridge entity
bridge part
bridge structure
bridge thing
bridge abstraction
bridge act
bridge activity
bridge entity
bridge event
bridge game
bridge artifact
bridge device
bridge entity
bridge instrumentality
bridge object
bridge support
bridge whole
bridge artifact
bridge device
bridge entity
bridge instrumentality
bridge object
bridge whole
bridge artifact
bridge device
bridge entity
bridge fastener
bridge instrumentality
bridge link
bridge object
bridge restraint
bridge whole
bridge artifact
bridge deck
bridge entity
bridge object
bridge platform
bridge surface
bridge whole
bridge connect
bridge join
bridge pass
bridge travel
bridge traverse
bridle artifact
bridle entity
bridle equipment
bridle gear
bridle headgear
bridle instrumentality
bridle object
bridle whole
bridle abstraction
bridle act
bridle activity
bridle control
bridle entity
bridle event
bridle restraint
bridle anger
bridle feel
bridle control
bridle forget
bridle inhibit
bridle restrain
bridle restrict
bridle suppress
bridle answer
bridle express
bridle state
brief abstraction
brief communication
brief document
brief entity
brief writing
brief abstraction
brief communication
brief entity
brief message
brief outline
brief statement
brief summary
brief act
brief communicate
brief inform
brief instruct
brief interact
briefcase artifact
briefcase case
briefcase container
briefcase entity
briefcase instrumentality
briefcase object
briefcase whole
briefs artifact
briefs clothing
briefs commodity
briefs covering
briefs entity
briefs garment
briefs object
briefs whole
brig artifact
brig conveyance
brig craft
brig entity
brig instrumentality
brig object
brig vehicle
brig vessel
brig whole
brig artifact
brig entity
brig establishment
brig institution
brig object
brig structure
brig whole
brigade abstraction
brigade entity
brigade group
brigade organization
brigade unit
brigade act
brigade group
brigade interact
brigade meet
brighten change
brightness abstraction
brightness attribute
brightness entity
brightness light
brightness property
brightness ability
brightness abstraction
brightness cognition
brightness entity
brightness intelligence
brilliance ability
brilliance abstraction
brilliance cognition
brilliance entity
brilliance intelligence
brim artifact
brim edge
brim entity
brim object
brim side
brim surface
brim whole
brim artifact
brim entity
brim object
brim projection
brim structure
brim whole
brim have
brim change
brim fill
brimstone abstraction
brimstone entity
brimstone matter
brimstone part
brimstone relation
brimstone substance
brimstone sulfur
brine abstraction
brine entity
brine matter
brine mixture
brine part
brine relation
brine solution
brine substance
brine change
brine wet
bring move
bring transport
bring change
bring make
bring move
bring transmit
bring change
bring attract
bring move
bring pull
bring induce
brink abstraction
brink attribute
brink boundary
brink entity
brink line
brink shape
brink boundary
brink edge
brink entity
brink extremity
brink location
brink object
brink region
brisk accelerate
brisk change
brisk increase
brisk intensify
brisket cut
brisket entity
brisket food
brisket matter
brisket meat
brisket solid
bristle abstraction
bristle entity
bristle fiber
bristle material
bristle matter
bristle part
bristle relation
bristle substance
bristle entity
bristle hair
bristle part
bristle process
bristle thing
bristle have
bristle act
bristle react
brittle candy
brittle dainty
brittle entity
brittle food
brittle matter
brittle substance
brittle sweet
broach act
broach communicate
broach interact
broach talk
broad adult
broad entity
broad female
broad object
broad organism
broad person
broad whole
broad woman
broadcast abstraction
broadcast communication
broadcast entity
broadcast message
broadcast abstraction
broadcast entity
broadcast event
broadcast show
broadcast move
broadcast put
broadcast sow
broadcaster entity
broadcaster object
broadcaster organism
broadcaster person
broadcaster whole
broadcaster artifact
broadcaster device
broadcaster entity
broadcaster instrumentality
broadcaster mechanism
broadcaster object
broadcaster whole
broadcasting artifact
broadcasting entity
broadcasting instrumentality
broadcasting medium
broadcasting object
broadcasting telecommunication
broadcasting whole
broaden change
broaden increase
broaden widen
broaden change
broaden increase
broadside artifact
broadside entity
broadside instrumentality
broadside object
broadside weaponry
broadside whole
broadside artifact
broadside entity
broadside object
broadside side
broadside surface
broadside whole
broadside abstraction
broadside act
broadside activity
broadside attack
broadside entity
broadside event
broadside fire
broadside operation
broadside hit
broadside touch
broccoli entity
broccoli herb
broccoli object
broccoli organism
broccoli plant
broccoli whole
broccoli entity
broccoli food
broccoli matter
broccoli produce
broccoli solid
broccoli vegetable
broil abstraction
broil act
broil action
broil change
broil cooking
broil entity
broil event
broil change
broil cook
broil grill
broil change
broil heat
broiler appliance
broiler artifact
broiler commodity
broiler entity
broiler object
broiler oven
broiler whole
broiler bird
broiler chicken
broiler entity
broiler food
broiler matter
broiler meat
broiler poultry
broiler solid
broker act
broker communicate
broker interact
broker talk
brokerage abstraction
brokerage entity
brokerage group
brokerage institution
brokerage organization
brokerage abstraction
brokerage business
brokerage enterprise
brokerage entity
brokerage group
brokerage organization
bronchitis abstraction
bronchitis attribute
bronchitis condition
bronchitis disease
bronchitis entity
bronchitis illness
bronchitis state
bronze abstraction
bronze alloy
bronze entity
bronze matter
bronze mixture
bronze part
bronze relation
bronze substance
bronze abstraction
bronze art
bronze artifact
bronze attribute
bronze creation
bronze entity
bronze figure
bronze object
bronze sculpture
bronze shape
bronze whole
bronze change
bronze dye
brood abstraction
brood entity
brood group
brood mind
brood think
brood worry
brood be
brood hang
brood make
brood reproduce
brook entity
brook stream
brook thing
broom artifact
broom entity
broom implement
broom instrumentality
broom object
broom whole
broom entity
broom object
broom organism
broom plant
broom shrub
broom whole
broom coat
broom cover
broom finish
broth dish
broth entity
broth food
broth matter
broth soup
broth substance
broth dish
broth entity
broth food
broth matter
broth soup
broth substance
brother entity
brother kinsman
brother object
brother organism
brother person
brother relative
brother whole
brother associate
brother entity
brother member
brother object
brother organism
brother peer
brother person
brother whole
brother entity
brother friend
brother object
brother organism
brother person
brother whole
brother entity
brother monk
brother object
brother organism
brother person
brother religious
brother whole
brotherhood abstraction
brotherhood entity
brotherhood kinship
brotherhood relation
brotherhood abstraction
brotherhood class
brotherhood entity
brotherhood group
brotherhood people
brotherhood abstraction
brotherhood attribute
brotherhood entity
brotherhood feeling
brotherhood friendliness
brotherhood liking
brotherhood state
brow entity
brow feature
brow part
brow thing
brown abstraction
brown attribute
brown color
brown entity
brown property
brown change
brown cook
browse abstraction
browse collection
browse entity
browse group
browse vegetation
browse abstraction
browse cognition
browse entity
browse process
browse reading
browse consumption
browse eating
browse entity
browse process
browse search
browse consume
browse eat
browser entity
browser object
browser organism
browser person
browser spectator
browser whole
browser abstraction
browser application
browser code
browser communication
browser entity
browser program
browser software
browser writing
bruise abstraction
bruise attribute
bruise condition
bruise entity
bruise injury
bruise state
bruise change
bruise hurt
bruise injure
bruise break
bruise change
bruise crush
bruise change
bruise damage
brunt abstraction
brunt attribute
brunt degree
brunt entity
brunt force
brunt intensity
brunt property
brush abstraction
brush collection
brush entity
brush group
brush vegetation
brush artifact
brush entity
brush implement
brush instrumentality
brush object
brush whole
brush abstraction
brush contact
brush entity
brush event
brush happening
brush touch
brush artifact
brush device
brush entity
brush instrumentality
brush object
brush whole
brush entity
brush part
brush process
brush tail
brush thing
brush abstraction
brush act
brush conflict
brush entity
brush event
brush fight
brush abstraction
brush act
brush activity
brush care
brush entity
brush event
brush work
brush abstraction
brush act
brush activity
brush care
brush entity
brush event
brush work
brush abstraction
brush act
brush action
brush contact
brush entity
brush event
brush interaction
brush guide
brush rub
brush touch
brush change
brush clean
brush move
brush remove
brush cover
brutality abstraction
brutality act
brutality activity
brutality atrocity
brutality cruelty
brutality entity
brutality event
brutality maltreatment
brutality practice
brutalization abstraction
brutalization attribute
brutalization condition
brutalization entity
brutalization state
brutalization abstraction
brutalization act
brutalization activity
brutalization entity
brutalization event
brutalization abstraction
brutalization act
brutalization action
brutalization change
brutalization degradation
brutalization entity
brutalization event
bubble abstraction
bubble attribute
bubble ball
bubble entity
bubble shape
bubble sphere
bubble abstraction
bubble cognition
bubble content
bubble entity
bubble idea
bubble illusion
bubble artifact
bubble covering
bubble entity
bubble object
bubble whole
bubble emit
bubble exhaust
bubble rise
bubble travel
bubble change
buck animal
buck entity
buck mammal
buck object
buck organism
buck vertebrate
buck whole
buck act
buck endeavor
buck try
buck act
buck react
buck move
bucket artifact
bucket container
bucket entity
bucket instrumentality
bucket object
bucket vessel
bucket whole
bucket abstraction
bucket entity
bucket measure
bucket move
bucket put
bucket move
bucket transport
buckle artifact
buckle device
buckle entity
buckle fastener
buckle instrumentality
buckle object
buckle restraint
buckle whole
buckle attach
buckle connect
buckle fasten
buckle change
buckle collapse
buckwheat entity
buckwheat herb
buckwheat object
buckwheat organism
buckwheat plant
buckwheat whole
buckwheat entity
buckwheat food
buckwheat foodstuff
buckwheat grain
buckwheat matter
buckwheat substance
bud entity
bud flower
bud object
bud whole
bud entity
bud object
bud sprout
bud whole
bud change
bud develop
bud grow
bud increase
bud begin
budding entity
budding process
budding reproduction
buddy entity
buddy friend
buddy object
buddy organism
buddy person
buddy whole
budget abstraction
budget entity
budget fund
budget measure
budget money
budget standard
budget abstraction
budget cognition
budget content
budget entity
budget idea
budget plan
budget calculate
budget reason
budget think
buff abstraction
buff entity
buff leather
buff material
buff matter
buff part
buff relation
buff substance
buff covering
buff entity
buff object
buff part
buff skin
buff thing
buff tissue
buff whole
buff artifact
buff entity
buff implement
buff instrumentality
buff object
buff whole
buff better
buff change
buff polish
buffalo entity
buffalo food
buffalo game
buffalo matter
buffalo meat
buffalo solid
buffalo arouse
buffalo awe
buffalo frighten
buffalo make
buffalo stimulate
buffer abstraction
buffer chemical
buffer compound
buffer entity
buffer material
buffer matter
buffer part
buffer relation
buffer substance
buffer artifact
buffer device
buffer entity
buffer instrumentality
buffer object
buffer whole
buffer artifact
buffer device
buffer entity
buffer implement
buffer instrumentality
buffer machine
buffer object
buffer tool
buffer whole
buffer artifact
buffer device
buffer entity
buffer instrumentality
buffer object
buffer whole
buffer change
buffer modify
buffet artifact
buffet entity
buffet furnishing
buffet furniture
buffet instrumentality
buffet object
buffet whole
buffet entity
buffet food
buffet matter
buffet meal
buffet substance
buffet strike
buffet touch
buffet hit
buffet touch
bug animal
bug entity
bug insect
bug invertebrate
bug object
bug organism
bug whole
bug abstraction
bug attribute
bug defect
bug entity
bug imperfection
bug state
bug artifact
bug device
bug entity
bug instrumentality
bug microphone
bug object
bug whole
bugle artifact
bugle brass
bugle device
bugle entity
bugle instrumentality
bugle object
bugle whole
bugle entity
bugle herb
bugle object
bugle organism
bugle plant
bugle whole
bugle adornment
bugle artifact
bugle bead
bugle decoration
bugle entity
bugle jewelry
bugle object
bugle whole
bugle make
bugle play
build make
build better
build change
build administer
build control
build manage
build oversee
build create
build develop
build act
build create
build establish
build change
build increase
build intensify
builder abstraction
builder entity
builder material
builder matter
builder part
builder relation
builder substance
builder creator
builder entity
builder object
builder organism
builder person
builder whole
builder contractor
builder entity
builder object
builder organism
builder party
builder person
builder whole
building artifact
building entity
building object
building structure
building whole
building abstraction
building entity
building gathering
building group
buildup abstraction
buildup accumulation
buildup act
buildup action
buildup change
buildup entity
buildup event
buildup increase
buildup entity
buildup increase
buildup process
buildup abstraction
buildup communication
buildup entity
buildup message
buildup promotion
bulb entity
bulb object
bulb stalk
bulb whole
bulb entity
bulb object
bulb part
bulb abstraction
bulb attribute
bulb entity
bulb shape
bulb entity
bulb part
bulb structure
bulb thing
bulge abstraction
bulge attribute
bulge entity
bulge projection
bulge shape
bulge solid
bulge change
bulge develop
bulge grow
bulge swell
bulimia abstraction
bulimia attribute
bulimia condition
bulimia disorder
bulimia entity
bulimia state
bulimia abstraction
bulimia attribute
bulimia condition
bulimia drive
bulimia entity
bulimia hunger
bulimia state
bulk abstraction
bulk attribute
bulk entity
bulk magnitude
bulk property
bulk abstraction
bulk attribute
bulk entity
bulk mass
bulk measure
bulk property
bulk bulge
bulk change
bull animal
bull bovine
bull cattle
bull entity
bull mammal
bull object
bull organism
bull vertebrate
bull whole
bull adult
bull entity
bull male
bull man
bull object
bull organism
bull person
bull whole
bull abstraction
bull act
bull blunder
bull entity
bull event
bull mistake
bull defender
bull entity
bull object
bull organism
bull person
bull policeman
bull whole
bull capitalist
bull entity
bull investor
bull object
bull organism
bull person
bull whole
bull abstraction
bull act
bull communication
bull decree
bull document
bull entity
bull writing
bull animal
bull entity
bull mammal
bull object
bull organism
bull vertebrate
bull whole
bull act
bull communicate
bull interact
bull push
bull talk
bull urge
bull give
bull invest
bull pay
bull speculate
bull spend
bull transfer
bull change
bull grow
bull increase
bull rise
bullet artifact
bullet device
bullet entity
bullet instrumentality
bullet instrument
bullet object
bullet projectile
bullet weapon
bullet whole
bulletin abstraction
bulletin communication
bulletin entity
bulletin information
bulletin message
bulletin news
bulletin report
bulletin act
bulletin communicate
bulletin inform
bulletin interact
bulletin publicize
bulletin tell
bullion abstraction
bullion assets
bullion entity
bullion possession
bullion relation
bullion treasure
bullion valuable
bullion wealth
bullion artifact
bullion block
bullion entity
bullion object
bullion whole
bully attacker
bully entity
bully object
bully organism
bully person
bully whole
bully criminal
bully entity
bully hood
bully object
bully organism
bully person
bully principal
bully whole
bullying abstraction
bullying act
bullying activity
bullying aggression
bullying behavior
bullying entity
bullying event
bum idle
bumble act
bumble communicate
bumble interact
bumble talk
bumblebee animal
bumblebee bee
bumblebee entity
bumblebee insect
bumblebee invertebrate
bumblebee object
bumblebee organism
bumblebee whole
bummer abstraction
bummer attribute
bummer condition
bummer entity
bummer irritation
bummer state
bummer abstraction
bummer cognition
bummer effect
bummer entity
bummer evidence
bummer information
bummer symptom
bump abstraction
bump attribute
bump condition
bump entity
bump injury
bump state
bump hit
bump touch
bump dance
bump move
bumper artifact
bumper container
bumper entity
bumper glass
bumper instrumentality
bumper object
bumper whole
bumper artifact
bumper device
bumper entity
bumper instrumentality
bumper mechanism
bumper object
bumper whole
bun bread
bun entity
bun food
bun foodstuff
bun matter
bun solid
bun substance
bunch abstraction
bunch collection
bunch entity
bunch group
bunch abstraction
bunch collection
bunch entity
bunch group
bunch change
bunch form
bundle artifact
bundle container
bundle entity
bundle instrumentality
bundle object
bundle package
bundle whole
bundle enclose
bundle pack
bundle surround
bundle touch
bundle lie
bundle rest
bundle sleep
bungalow artifact
bungalow building
bungalow dwelling
bungalow entity
bungalow house
bungalow housing
bungalow object
bungalow structure
bungalow whole
bungle act
bunker artifact
bunker entity
bunker hazard
bunker object
bunker obstacle
bunker obstruction
bunker structure
bunker whole
bunker artifact
bunker container
bunker entity
bunker instrumentality
bunker object
bunker whole
bunker artifact
bunker entity
bunker fortification
bunker object
bunker structure
bunker whole
bunker hit
bunker move
bunker fuel
bunker give
bunker supply
bunker transfer
bunker move
bunker transfer
bunkmate acquaintance
bunkmate entity
bunkmate object
bunkmate organism
bunkmate person
bunkmate whole
bunny employee
bunny entity
bunny object
bunny organism
bunny person
bunny waitress
bunny whole
bunny worker
bunny animal
bunny entity
bunny mammal
bunny object
bunny organism
bunny rabbit
bunny vertebrate
bunny whole
bunt abstraction
bunt act
bunt entity
bunt event
bunt hit
bunt touch
bunt abstraction
bunt attribute
bunt condition
bunt disease
bunt entity
bunt illness
bunt smut
bunt state
bunt entity
bunt fungus
bunt object
bunt organism
bunt smut
bunt whole
bunt entity
bunt fungus
bunt object
bunt organism
bunt smut
bunt whole
bunt hit
bunt move
bunting artifact
bunting entity
bunting fabric
bunting object
bunting whole
bunting animal
bunting bird
bunting entity
bunting finch
bunting object
bunting organism
bunting vertebrate
bunting whole
buoy abstraction
buoy communication
buoy entity
buoy indicator
buoy signal
buoy float
buoy travel
buoy hold
buoy act
buoy communicate
buoy inform
buoy interact
buoy mark
buoy tell
buoyancy abstraction
buoyancy attribute
buoyancy entity
buoyancy feeling
buoyancy happiness
buoyancy state
buoyancy abstraction
buoyancy attribute
buoyancy disposition
buoyancy entity
buoyancy property
buoyancy tendency
burden abstraction
burden cognition
burden concern
burden entity
burden information
burden stimulation
burden abstraction
burden cognition
burden content
burden entity
burden idea
burden change
burden charge
bureaucracy abstraction
bureaucracy administration
bureaucracy body
bureaucracy entity
bureaucracy group
bureaucracy abstraction
bureaucracy entity
bureaucracy government
bureaucracy group
bureaucracy organization
bureaucracy abstraction
bureaucracy entity
bureaucracy group
bureaucracy organization
bureaucrat entity
bureaucrat object
bureaucrat official
bureaucrat organism
bureaucrat person
bureaucrat whole
bureaucrat worker
burgundy abstraction
burgundy agent
burgundy alcohol
burgundy beverage
burgundy drug
burgundy entity
burgundy fluid
burgundy food
burgundy liquid
burgundy matter
burgundy part
burgundy relation
burgundy substance
burgundy wine
burgundy abstraction
burgundy attribute
burgundy color
burgundy entity
burgundy property
burgundy red
burial abstraction
burial affair
burial ceremony
burial entity
burial event
burial funeral
burlesque abstraction
burlesque entity
burlesque event
burlesque show
burn abstraction
burn cognition
burn entity
burn evidence
burn information
burn pain
burn symptom
burn abstraction
burn attribute
burn condition
burn entity
burn injury
burn state
burn abstraction
burn appearance
burn attribute
burn blemish
burn entity
burn quality
burn abstraction
burn act
burn action
burn change
burn damage
burn entity
burn event
burn destroy
burn shine
burn change
burn feel
burn change
burn execute
burn kill
burn punish
burn use
burn waste
burn ache
burn change
burn damage
burner apparatus
burner artifact
burner entity
burner equipment
burner instrumentality
burner object
burner whole
burner component
burner entity
burner object
burner part
burning abstraction
burning act
burning action
burning change
burning entity
burning event
burning abstraction
burning act
burning entity
burning event
burning execution
burning punishment
burning abstraction
burning act
burning activity
burning entity
burning event
burning maltreatment
burning persecution
burning practice
burning torture
burp emit
burp exhaust
burr artifact
burr entity
burr object
burr projection
burr structure
burr whole
burr artifact
burr device
burr entity
burr implement
burr instrumentality
burr machine
burr object
burr tool
burr whole
burrow entity
burrow hole
burrow object
burrow dig
burrow remove
burst abstraction
burst act
burst activity
burst entity
burst event
burst break
burst change
burst jump
burst move
burst appear
burst emerge
burst break
burst change
bury hide
bury lay
bury move
bury put
bury move
bury put
bury situate
bury attach
bury connect
bury implant
bury insert
burying abstraction
burying act
burying activity
burying entity
burying event
bus artifact
bus conveyance
bus entity
bus instrumentality
bus object
bus whole
bus abstraction
bus artifact
bus car
bus communication
bus container
bus conveyance
bus entity
bus instrumentality
bus object
bus saying
bus speech
bus vehicle
bus whole
bus move
bus transport
bus ride
bus travel
bus remove
bush entity
bush location
bush object
bush region
bush wilderness
bush give
bush supply
bush transfer
bushel abstraction
bushel entity
bushel measure
bushel abstraction
bushel entity
bushel measure
business abstraction
business enterprise
business entity
business group
business organization
business abstraction
business cognition
business concern
business entity
business information
business stimulation
business abstraction
business aim
business cognition
business content
business entity
business goal
business abstraction
business act
business activity
business enterprise
business entity
business event
business undertaking
business work
business abstraction
business entity
business group
business sector
business abstraction
business act
business acting
business activity
business cognition
business content
business discipline
business entity
business event
businessman businessperson
businessman capitalist
businessman entity
businessman object
businessman organism
businessman person
businessman whole
businessperson capitalist
businessperson entity
businessperson object
businessperson organism
businessperson person
businessperson whole
businesswoman businessperson
businesswoman capitalist
businesswoman entity
businesswoman object
businesswoman organism
businesswoman person
businesswoman whole
bust abstraction
bust art
bust artifact
bust attribute
bust creation
bust entity
bust figure
bust object
bust sculpture
bust shape
bust whole
bust abstraction
bust act
bust activity
bust celebration
bust diversion
bust entity
bust event
bust merrymaking
bust revel
buster child
buster entity
buster juvenile
buster object
buster organism
buster person
buster whole
buster entity
buster horseman
buster object
buster organism
buster person
buster rider
buster traveler
buster whole
buster entity
buster object
buster organism
buster person
buster whole
bustle abstraction
bustle act
bustle action
bustle change
bustle commotion
bustle disturbance
bustle entity
bustle event
bustle motion
bustle artifact
bustle entity
bustle framework
bustle object
bustle structure
bustle whole
bustle move
busy work
butane abstraction
butane chemical
butane compound
butane entity
butane fluid
butane fuel
butane gas
butane material
butane matter
butane part
butane relation
butane substance
butch entity
butch homosexual
butch lesbian
butch object
butch organism
butch person
butch whole
butcher businessperson
butcher capitalist
butcher entity
butcher merchant
butcher object
butcher organism
butcher person
butcher whole
butcher criminal
butcher entity
butcher killer
butcher murderer
butcher object
butcher organism
butcher person
butcher principal
butcher whole
butcher entity
butcher object
butcher organism
butcher person
butcher whole
butcher worker
butcher kill
butchery abstraction
butchery act
butchery commerce
butchery entity
butchery event
butchery transaction
butler entity
butler object
butler organism
butler person
butler servant
butler whole
butler worker
butt entity
butt handle
butt object
butt part
butt stock
butt abstraction
butt entity
butt part
butt relation
butt entity
butt object
butt organism
butt person
butt victim
butt whole
butt artifact
butt barrel
butt container
butt entity
butt instrumentality
butt object
butt vessel
butt whole
butt entity
butt object
butt part
butt strike
butt touch
butt move
butt put
butter entity
butter food
butter foodstuff
butter matter
butter solid
butter substance
butter combatant
butter entity
butter object
butter organism
butter person
butter whole
butter cover
buttercup entity
buttercup herb
buttercup object
buttercup organism
buttercup plant
buttercup whole
butterfly animal
butterfly entity
butterfly insect
butterfly invertebrate
butterfly object
butterfly organism
butterfly whole
butterfly abstraction
butterfly act
butterfly action
butterfly change
butterfly entity
butterfly event
butterfly locomotion
butterfly motion
butterfly stroke
butterfly travel
butterfly change
butterfly unfold
buttermilk abstraction
buttermilk beverage
buttermilk entity
buttermilk fluid
buttermilk food
buttermilk foodstuff
buttermilk liquid
buttermilk matter
buttermilk milk
buttermilk part
buttermilk relation
buttermilk substance
buttock entity
buttock part
buttock thing
buttocks entity
buttocks part
buttocks thing
button artifact
button device
button entity
button fastener
button instrumentality
button object
button restraint
button whole
button entity
button object
button whole
button abstraction
button badge
button cognition
button emblem
button entity
button process
button symbol
button artifact
button entity
button object
button whole
button add
button change
button increase
button attach
button connect
button fasten
buttonhole artifact
buttonhole entity
buttonhole hole
buttonhole object
buttonhole opening
buttonhole whole
buttress artifact
buttress entity
buttress object
buttress structure
buttress support
buttress whole
buttress change
buttress reinforce
buttress strengthen
buttress change
buttress strengthen
buy get
buy be
buy get
buy accept
buy believe
buy evaluate
buy think
buyer consumer
buyer customer
buyer entity
buyer object
buyer organism
buyer person
buyer user
buyer whole
buyout abstraction
buyout acquisition
buyout act
buyout entity
buyout event
buzz abstraction
buzz entity
buzz event
buzz happening
buzz sound
buzz abstraction
buzz act
buzz activity
buzz entity
buzz event
buzz sound
buzz fly
buzz travel
buzz ask
buzz call
buzz communicate
buzz convey
buzz move
buzz order
buzz request
buzz summon
buzz transfer
buzzard animal
buzzard bird
buzzard entity
buzzard object
buzzard organism
buzzard vertebrate
buzzard vulture
buzzard whole
buzzard animal
buzzard bird
buzzard entity
buzzard hawk
buzzard object
buzzard organism
buzzard vertebrate
buzzard whole
buzzer artifact
buzzer device
buzzer entity
buzzer instrumentality
buzzer object
buzzer whole
bye abstraction
bye act
bye agreement
bye assent
bye concession
bye entity
bye event
bygone abstraction
bygone attribute
bygone entity
bygone past
bygone time
bypass entity
bypass part
bypass passage
bypass structure
bypass thing
bypass avoid
byte abstraction
byte entity
byte measure
cab area
cab artifact
cab compartment
cab entity
cab object
cab room
cab structure
cab whole
cab artifact
cab carriage
cab container
cab conveyance
cab entity
cab instrumentality
cab object
cab vehicle
cab whole
cab artifact
cab car
cab container
cab conveyance
cab entity
cab instrumentality
cab object
cab vehicle
cab whole
cabana artifact
cabana entity
cabana object
cabana shelter
cabana structure
cabana tent
cabana whole
cabbage entity
cabbage food
cabbage matter
cabbage produce
cabbage solid
cabbage vegetable
cabbage entity
cabbage herb
cabbage object
cabbage organism
cabbage plant
cabbage whole
cabin area
cabin artifact
cabin compartment
cabin entity
cabin object
cabin room
cabin structure
cabin whole
cabin artifact
cabin building
cabin dwelling
cabin entity
cabin house
cabin housing
cabin object
cabin structure
cabin whole
cabin area
cabin artifact
cabin compartment
cabin entity
cabin object
cabin room
cabin structure
cabin whole
cabin confine
cabin forget
cabin inhibit
cabin restrain
cabin suppress
cabinet artifact
cabinet entity
cabinet furnishing
cabinet furniture
cabinet instrumentality
cabinet object
cabinet whole
cabinet abstraction
cabinet board
cabinet committee
cabinet entity
cabinet group
cabinet organization
cabinet unit
cabinet area
cabinet artifact
cabinet compartment
cabinet entity
cabinet object
cabinet room
cabinet structure
cabinet whole
cabinet artifact
cabinet covering
cabinet entity
cabinet housing
cabinet object
cabinet whole
cable abstraction
cable communication
cable entity
cable message
cable telegram
cable artifact
cable conductor
cable device
cable entity
cable instrumentality
cable object
cable whole
cable artifact
cable entity
cable line
cable object
cable rope
cable whole
cable abstraction
cable entity
cable measure
cable artifact
cable entity
cable instrumentality
cable object
cable system
cable television
cable whole
cable act
cable communicate
cable interact
cable attach
cable connect
cable fasten
cache area
cache artifact
cache entity
cache object
cache structure
cache whole
cache artifact
cache buffer
cache device
cache entity
cache instrumentality
cache object
cache whole
cadaver body
cadaver entity
cadaver object
cadaver whole
caddy artifact
caddy can
caddy container
caddy entity
caddy instrumentality
caddy object
caddy whole
cadence abstraction
cadence communication
cadence entity
cadence music
cadence passage
cadence abstraction
cadence attribute
cadence entity
cadence property
cadet entity
cadet novice
cadet object
cadet organism
cadet person
cadet trainee
cadet whole
cadmium abstraction
cadmium entity
cadmium matter
cadmium part
cadmium relation
cadmium substance
cafeteria artifact
cafeteria building
cafeteria entity
cafeteria object
cafeteria restaurant
cafeteria structure
cafeteria whole
caffeine abstraction
caffeine alkaloid
caffeine chemical
caffeine compound
caffeine entity
caffeine material
caffeine matter
caffeine part
caffeine relation
caffeine substance
cage area
cage artifact
cage enclosure
cage entity
cage object
cage structure
cage whole
cage abstraction
cage attribute
cage confinement
cage constraint
cage entity
cage relationship
cage state
cage subjugation
cage artifact
cage entity
cage equipment
cage goal
cage instrumentality
cage net
cage object
cage whole
cage confine
cake artifact
cake block
cake entity
cake object
cake whole
cake entity
cake food
cake matter
cake solid
calamity abstraction
calamity entity
calamity event
calamity happening
calamity misfortune
calamity trouble
calcification entity
calcification process
calcification abstraction
calcification cognition
calcification entity
calcification evidence
calcification hardening
calcification information
calcification symptom
calcification abstraction
calcification attribute
calcification entity
calcification inaction
calcification state
calcium abstraction
calcium entity
calcium matter
calcium part
calcium relation
calcium substance
calculate reason
calculate think
calculate evaluate
calculate think
calculate intend
calculate plan
calculate think
calculation abstraction
calculation act
calculation activity
calculation entity
calculation event
calculation procedure
calculation abstraction
calculation cognition
calculation entity
calculation process
calculation thinking
calculation abstraction
calculation cognition
calculation entity
calculation process
calculation thinking
calculator entity
calculator expert
calculator object
calculator organism
calculator person
calculator whole
calculator artifact
calculator device
calculator entity
calculator instrumentality
calculator machine
calculator object
calculator whole
calculus entity
calculus object
calculus rock
calculus whole
calculus abstraction
calculus cognition
calculus content
calculus discipline
calculus entity
calculus mathematics
calculus science
calendar abstraction
calendar arrangement
calendar cognition
calendar entity
calendar structure
calendar abstraction
calendar communication
calendar database
calendar entity
calendar information
calendar list
calendar message
calendar abstraction
calendar arrangement
calendar array
calendar entity
calendar group
calendar table
calendar plan
calendar schedule
calendar think
calender artifact
calender device
calender entity
calender instrumentality
calender machine
calender object
calender whole
calender change
calender flatten
calender press
calf animal
calf entity
calf object
calf organism
calf whole
calf young
calf entity
calf muscle
calf organ
calf part
calf thing
calf abstraction
calf entity
calf leather
calf material
calf matter
calf part
calf relation
calf substance
calf animal
calf entity
calf object
calf organism
calf whole
calf young
calibrate adjust
calibrate change
calibrate attach
calibrate connect
calibrate tag
calibrate decide
calibrate measure
calibration abstraction
calibration act
calibration activity
calibration entity
calibration event
calico artifact
calico entity
calico fabric
calico object
calico whole
call artifact
call entity
call instrumentality
call medium
call object
call telecommunication
call telephone
call whole
call abstraction
call attitude
call cognition
call entity
call inclination
call abstraction
call communication
call demand
call entity
call message
call request
call abstraction
call act
call assembly
call entity
call event
call meeting
call visit
call abstraction
call communication
call demand
call entity
call message
call request
call abstraction
call act
call entity
call event
call request
call abstraction
call code
call communication
call entity
call instruction
call writing
call abstraction
call act
call assembly
call entity
call event
call meeting
call visit
call abstraction
call act
call action
call choice
call decision
call entity
call event
call designate
call label
call act
call communicate
call interact
call ask
call communicate
call convey
call move
call order
call request
call transfer
call communicate
call convey
call move
call request
call transfer
call act
call communicate
call interact
call read
call talk
call act
call communicate
call interact
call utter
call act
call delay
call postpone
call wait
call break
call change
call end
call interrupt
call stop
call claim
call communicate
call convey
call demand
call move
call request
call transfer
call act
call communicate
call indicate
call inform
call interact
call ask
call communicate
call convey
call demand
call move
call request
call transfer
call act
call argue
call challenge
call communicate
call contest
call converse
call interact
call oppose
call talk
call declare
call evaluate
call think
call ask
call challenge
call communicate
call convey
call invite
call move
call provoke
call request
call transfer
call communicate
call convey
call move
call order
call request
call transfer
call ask
call communicate
call convey
call move
call request
call transfer
call utter
call act
call argue
call challenge
call communicate
call contest
call converse
call interact
call oppose
call talk
call evaluate
call see
call think
call awaken
call change
caller entity
caller object
caller organism
caller person
caller traveler
caller visitor
caller whole
caller capitalist
caller entity
caller investor
caller object
caller organism
caller person
caller whole
caller entity
caller gambler
caller object
caller organism
caller person
caller whole
caller announcer
caller entity
caller object
caller organism
caller person
caller whole
caller announcer
caller entity
caller object
caller organism
caller person
caller whole
caller entity
caller leader
caller object
caller organism
caller person
caller whole
caller entity
caller object
caller organism
caller person
caller speaker
caller whole
calligraphy abstraction
calligraphy communication
calligraphy entity
calligraphy handwriting
calligraphy writing
callous change
callus abstraction
callus cognition
callus entity
callus evidence
callus information
callus scar
callus symptom
callus entity
callus part
callus process
callus thing
callus change
callus harden
callus change
callus harden
calm comfort
calm change
calmness entity
calmness phenomenon
calmness process
calmness weather
calmness abstraction
calmness attribute
calmness entity
calmness feeling
calmness state
calorie abstraction
calorie entity
calorie measure
calorie abstraction
calorie entity
calorie measure
camel animal
camel entity
camel mammal
camel object
camel organism
camel vertebrate
camel whole
cameo abstraction
cameo art
cameo artifact
cameo attribute
cameo carving
cameo creation
cameo entity
cameo figure
cameo object
cameo sculpture
cameo shape
cameo whole
camera artifact
camera entity
camera equipment
camera instrumentality
camera object
camera whole
camisole artifact
camisole clothing
camisole commodity
camisole covering
camisole entity
camisole garment
camisole object
camisole whole
camisole artifact
camisole clothing
camisole commodity
camisole covering
camisole entity
camisole object
camisole whole
camouflage artifact
camouflage entity
camouflage fabric
camouflage object
camouflage whole
camouflage artifact
camouflage covering
camouflage entity
camouflage object
camouflage screen
camouflage whole
camouflage disguise
camouflage hide
camp artifact
camp entity
camp housing
camp object
camp structure
camp whole
camp abstraction
camp entity
camp gathering
camp group
camp artifact
camp entity
camp housing
camp object
camp structure
camp whole
camp artifact
camp entity
camp establishment
camp institution
camp object
camp structure
camp whole
camp abstraction
camp cognition
camp entity
camp inability
camp artifact
camp entity
camp housing
camp object
camp shelter
camp structure
camp whole
camp entity
camp location
camp object
camp region
camp site
camp tract
camp be
camp populate
camp move
camp pitch
camp raise
camp rear
camp change
campaign abstraction
campaign act
campaign activity
campaign entity
campaign event
campaign undertaking
campaign venture
campaign work
campaign abstraction
campaign act
campaign activity
campaign entity
campaign event
campaign operation
campaign abstraction
campaign act
campaign action
campaign change
campaign entity
campaign event
campaign expedition
campaign journey
campaign motion
campaign travel
campaign compete
campaign race
campaigner entity
campaigner leader
campaigner object
campaigner organism
campaigner person
campaigner politician
campaigner whole
camper entity
camper object
camper organism
camper person
camper vacationer
camper whole
camper artifact
camper container
camper conveyance
camper entity
camper instrumentality
camper object
camper vehicle
camper whole
campus entity
campus field
campus location
campus object
campus region
campus tract
can artifact
can container
can entity
can instrumentality
can object
can whole
can abstraction
can entity
can measure
can abstraction
can buoy
can communication
can entity
can indicator
can signal
can cook
can make
can preserve
canal channel
canal entity
canal thing
canal artifact
canal entity
canal object
canal way
canal whole
canal give
canal supply
canal transfer
canary entertainer
canary entity
canary musician
canary object
canary organism
canary performer
canary person
canary singer
canary whole
canary animal
canary bird
canary entity
canary finch
canary object
canary organism
canary vertebrate
canary whole
cancel adjust
cancel balance
cancel change
cancel match
cancel declare
cancel evaluate
cancel think
cancel have
cancel keep
cancel record
cancel save
cancel score
cancellation abstraction
cancellation act
cancellation action
cancellation change
cancellation entity
cancellation event
cancellation abstraction
cancellation assertion
cancellation communication
cancellation declaration
cancellation denial
cancellation entity
cancellation message
cancellation negation
cancellation statement
cancer abstraction
cancer attribute
cancer condition
cancer disease
cancer entity
cancer growth
cancer illness
cancer malignancy
cancer state
cancer tumor
cancer entity
cancer object
cancer organism
cancer person
cancer whole
cancer abstraction
cancer entity
cancer genus
cancer group
candidate entity
candidate object
candidate organism
candidate person
candidate whole
candle artifact
candle device
candle entity
candle instrumentality
candle lamp
candle object
candle whole
candle abstraction
candle entity
candle measure
candle examine
candlestick artifact
candlestick device
candlestick entity
candlestick holder
candlestick instrumentality
candlestick object
candlestick whole
candy dainty
candy entity
candy food
candy matter
candy substance
candy sweet
cane artifact
cane entity
cane implement
cane instrumentality
cane object
cane stick
cane whole
cane entity
cane object
cane stalk
cane whole
cane artifact
cane device
cane entity
cane instrumentality
cane instrument
cane object
cane switch
cane whole
cane beat
canine bone
canine entity
canine part
canine thing
canine tissue
canine tooth
canine animal
canine carnivore
canine entity
canine mammal
canine object
canine organism
canine vertebrate
canine whole
cannabis entity
cannabis object
cannabis organism
cannabis plant
cannabis shrub
cannabis whole
cannabis agent
cannabis drug
cannabis entity
cannabis matter
cannabis narcotic
cannabis substance
cannibal entity
cannibal object
cannibal organism
cannibal person
cannibal primitive
cannibal savage
cannibal whole
cannon artifact
cannon artillery
cannon entity
cannon instrumentality
cannon object
cannon weaponry
cannon whole
cannon artifact
cannon device
cannon entity
cannon gun
cannon instrumentality
cannon instrument
cannon object
cannon weapon
cannon whole
cannon artifact
cannon covering
cannon entity
cannon object
cannon plate
cannon shield
cannon whole
cannon artifact
cannon device
cannon entity
cannon gun
cannon instrumentality
cannon instrument
cannon object
cannon weapon
cannon whole
cannon entity
cannon part
cannon thing
cannon hit
cannon move
cannon discharge
cannonball artifact
cannonball device
cannonball entity
cannonball instrumentality
cannonball instrument
cannonball object
cannonball projectile
cannonball weapon
cannonball whole
canoe artifact
canoe boat
canoe conveyance
canoe craft
canoe entity
canoe instrumentality
canoe object
canoe vehicle
canoe vessel
canoe whole
canoe boat
canoe ride
canoe travel
canon abstraction
canon communication
canon direction
canon entity
canon message
canon rule
canon abstraction
canon attribute
canon clergyman
canon entity
canon leader
canon object
canon organism
canon person
canon priest
canon state
canon status
canon whole
canon abstraction
canon communication
canon entity
canon music
canon abstraction
canon communication
canon database
canon entity
canon information
canon list
canon message
canon abstraction
canon communication
canon entity
canon scripture
canon writing
canonization abstraction
canonization act
canonization activity
canonization ceremony
canonization entity
canonization event
canonization sanctification
canopy artifact
canopy covering
canopy entity
canopy object
canopy whole
canopy artifact
canopy entity
canopy fabric
canopy object
canopy whole
canopy artifact
canopy covering
canopy entity
canopy object
canopy shelter
canopy whole
canopy cover
cant abstraction
cant communication
cant conversation
cant entity
cant speech
cant talk
cant move
cantaloupe entity
cantaloupe gourd
cantaloupe melon
cantaloupe object
cantaloupe organism
cantaloupe plant
cantaloupe vine
cantaloupe whole
canteen artifact
canteen bottle
canteen container
canteen entity
canteen flask
canteen instrumentality
canteen object
canteen vessel
canteen whole
canteen artifact
canteen entity
canteen establishment
canteen object
canteen shop
canteen structure
canteen whole
canteen artifact
canteen building
canteen entity
canteen object
canteen restaurant
canteen structure
canteen whole
canteen area
canteen artifact
canteen entity
canteen object
canteen room
canteen structure
canteen whole
canteen artifact
canteen building
canteen entity
canteen object
canteen restaurant
canteen structure
canteen whole
canvas artifact
canvas entity
canvas fabric
canvas object
canvas whole
canvas art
canvas artifact
canvas creation
canvas entity
canvas object
canvas painting
canvas whole
canvas abstraction
canvas attribute
canvas entity
canvas environment
canvas setting
canvas situation
canvas state
canvas artifact
canvas entity
canvas equipment
canvas instrumentality
canvas mat
canvas object
canvas whole
canvas cover
canyon entity
canyon object
canyon ravine
canyon valley
cap artifact
cap clothing
cap commodity
cap covering
cap entity
cap headdress
cap object
cap whole
cap artifact
cap covering
cap entity
cap object
cap top
cap whole
cap artifact
cap covering
cap entity
cap object
cap whole
cap entity
cap object
cap whole
cap be
cap lie
cap change
cap decrease
cap limit
capability ability
capability abstraction
capability attribute
capability entity
capability quality
capability abstraction
capability attribute
capability condition
capability entity
capability state
capability susceptibility
capability ability
capability abstraction
capability aptitude
capability cognition
capability entity
capacitor artifact
capacitor device
capacitor entity
capacitor instrumentality
capacitor object
capacitor whole
capacity ability
capacity abstraction
capacity attribute
capacity capability
capacity entity
capacity quality
capacity abstraction
capacity entity
capacity measure
capacity volume
capacity abstraction
capacity act
capacity commerce
capacity entity
capacity event
capacity industry
capacity production
capacity transaction
capacity abstraction
capacity act
capacity activity
capacity duty
capacity entity
capacity event
capacity function
capacity work
capacity abstraction
capacity entity
capacity measure
capacity ability
capacity abstraction
capacity cognition
capacity entity
capacity abstraction
capacity attribute
capacity endurance
capacity entity
capacity property
capacity strength
capacity tolerance
cape entity
cape land
cape object
cape artifact
cape cloak
cape clothing
cape commodity
cape covering
cape entity
cape garment
cape object
cape whole
capillary artifact
capillary conduit
capillary entity
capillary object
capillary passage
capillary tube
capillary way
capillary whole
capillary entity
capillary part
capillary structure
capillary thing
capillary tube
capillary vessel
capital abstraction
capital assets
capital entity
capital possession
capital relation
capital abstraction
capital assets
capital entity
capital possession
capital relation
capital area
capital center
capital entity
capital location
capital object
capital region
capital seat
capital abstraction
capital character
capital communication
capital entity
capital signal
capital symbol
capital center
capital entity
capital location
capital object
capital place
capital region
capital entity
capital location
capital object
capital region
capital top
capitalism abstraction
capitalism economy
capitalism entity
capitalism group
capitalism system
capitalist adult
capitalist conservative
capitalist entity
capitalist object
capitalist organism
capitalist person
capitalist whole
capitalist entity
capitalist object
capitalist organism
capitalist person
capitalist whole
capitalization abstraction
capitalization communication
capitalization entity
capitalization writing
capitalization abstraction
capitalization act
capitalization entity
capitalization estimate
capitalization event
capitalization judgment
capitalization abstraction
capitalization act
capitalization activity
capitalization entity
capitalization event
capitalization exploitation
capitalization use
capitalization abstraction
capitalization act
capitalization commerce
capitalization entity
capitalization event
capitalization selling
capitalization transaction
capitalize get
capitalize profit
capitalize give
capitalize supply
capitalize transfer
capitalize change
capitalize mark
capitalize trace
capitalize write
capitalize calculate
capitalize reason
capitalize think
capitalize evaluate
capitalize see
capitalize think
capitalize change
capitalize make
capitalize replace
capitol artifact
capitol building
capitol entity
capitol object
capitol structure
capitol whole
capitulation abstraction
capitulation communication
capitulation document
capitulation entity
capitulation writing
capitulation abstraction
capitulation communication
capitulation entity
capitulation message
capitulation statement
capitulation summary
capitulation abstraction
capitulation act
capitulation entity
capitulation event
capitulation failure
capitulation loss
cappuccino abstraction
cappuccino beverage
cappuccino coffee
cappuccino entity
cappuccino fluid
cappuccino food
cappuccino liquid
cappuccino matter
cappuccino part
cappuccino relation
cappuccino substance
capsule artifact
capsule container
capsule entity
capsule instrumentality
capsule object
capsule whole
capsule agent
capsule dose
capsule drug
capsule entity
capsule matter
capsule medicine
capsule pill
capsule substance
capsule covering
capsule entity
capsule object
capsule whole
capsule entity
capsule part
capsule structure
capsule thing
capsule cover
capsule envelop
captain entity
captain object
captain organism
captain person
captain serviceman
captain whole
captain worker
captain entity
captain object
captain organism
captain person
captain serviceman
captain whole
captain worker
captain defender
captain entity
captain object
captain organism
captain person
captain policeman
captain whole
captain entity
captain leader
captain object
captain organism
captain person
captain whole
captain entity
captain object
captain organism
captain person
captain pilot
captain whole
captain worker
captain employee
captain entity
captain object
captain organism
captain person
captain whole
captain worker
captain control
captain direct
captain head
captain manage
caption abstraction
caption act
caption entity
caption event
caption exception
caption objection
caption abstraction
caption communication
caption entity
caption heading
caption line
caption matter
caption text
caption title
caption writing
caption give
caption supply
caption transfer
captivation abstraction
captivation attribute
captivation entity
captivation feeling
captivation liking
captivation state
captive animal
captive entity
captive object
captive organism
captive whole
captive entity
captive object
captive organism
captive person
captive whole
captivity abstraction
captivity attribute
captivity confinement
captivity entity
captivity relationship
captivity state
captivity subjugation
capture abstraction
capture act
capture entity
capture event
capture entity
capture process
capture entity
capture process
capture abstraction
capture act
capture activity
capture crime
capture entity
capture event
capture felony
capture transgression
capture abstraction
capture act
capture activity
capture entity
capture event
capture move
capture turn
capture make
capture represent
capture attract
capture change
capture get
car artifact
car container
car conveyance
car entity
car instrumentality
car object
car vehicle
car whole
car artifact
car container
car conveyance
car entity
car instrumentality
car object
car vehicle
car whole
car area
car artifact
car compartment
car entity
car object
car room
car structure
car whole
car area
car artifact
car compartment
car entity
car object
car room
car structure
car whole
carafe artifact
carafe bottle
carafe container
carafe entity
carafe instrumentality
carafe object
carafe vessel
carafe whole
caramel candy
caramel dainty
caramel entity
caramel food
caramel matter
caramel substance
caramel sweet
caramel entity
caramel food
caramel foodstuff
caramel ingredient
caramel matter
caramel substance
caramel sugar
carat abstraction
carat entity
carat measure
caravan abstraction
caravan act
caravan collection
caravan entity
caravan event
caravan group
caravan procession
caravan travel
carbohydrate abstraction
carbohydrate chemical
carbohydrate compound
carbohydrate entity
carbohydrate material
carbohydrate matter
carbohydrate molecule
carbohydrate part
carbohydrate relation
carbohydrate substance
carbohydrate thing
carbohydrate unit
carbon abstraction
carbon entity
carbon matter
carbon part
carbon relation
carbon substance
carbon artifact
carbon copy
carbon creation
carbon entity
carbon object
carbon representation
carbon whole
carbonate abstraction
carbonate chemical
carbonate compound
carbonate entity
carbonate material
carbonate matter
carbonate part
carbonate relation
carbonate salt
carbonate substance
carbonate change
carbonate affect
carbonate change
carbonate process
carburetor artifact
carburetor device
carburetor entity
carburetor instrumentality
carburetor mechanism
carburetor object
carburetor whole
carcinogen entity
carcinogen matter
carcinogen substance
card abstraction
card entity
card material
card matter
card paper
card part
card relation
card substance
card abstraction
card communication
card entity
card evidence
card identification
card indication
card abstraction
card communication
card correspondence
card entity
card mail
card message
card abstraction
card cardboard
card entity
card material
card matter
card paper
card part
card relation
card substance
card abstraction
card communication
card entity
card fact
card information
card message
card record
card confirm
card see
card verify
cardboard abstraction
cardboard entity
cardboard material
cardboard matter
cardboard paper
cardboard part
cardboard relation
cardboard substance
cardigan artifact
cardigan clothing
cardigan commodity
cardigan covering
cardigan entity
cardigan garment
cardigan object
cardigan sweater
cardigan whole
cardigan animal
cardigan canine
cardigan carnivore
cardigan dog
cardigan entity
cardigan mammal
cardigan object
cardigan organism
cardigan vertebrate
cardigan whole
cardinal abstraction
cardinal attribute
cardinal bishop
cardinal clergyman
cardinal entity
cardinal leader
cardinal object
cardinal organism
cardinal person
cardinal priest
cardinal state
cardinal status
cardinal whole
cardinal abstraction
cardinal attribute
cardinal color
cardinal entity
cardinal property
cardinal red
cardinal animal
cardinal bird
cardinal entity
cardinal finch
cardinal object
cardinal organism
cardinal vertebrate
cardinal whole
cardiologist adult
cardiologist doctor
cardiologist entity
cardiologist object
cardiologist organism
cardiologist person
cardiologist professional
cardiologist specialist
cardiologist whole
cardiology abstraction
cardiology cognition
cardiology content
cardiology discipline
cardiology entity
cardiology medicine
cardiology science
care abstraction
care act
care activity
care entity
care event
care work
care abstraction
care attribute
care condition
care difficulty
care entity
care predicament
care state
care abstraction
care act
care activity
care entity
care event
care protection
care abstraction
care act
care action
care change
care entity
care event
care improvement
care repair
care feel
care suffer
care help
care support
career abstraction
career act
career activity
career entity
career event
career occupation
career abstraction
career act
career action
career change
career entity
career event
career motion
career progress
career travel
carefulness abstraction
carefulness attentiveness
carefulness attribute
carefulness entity
carefulness trait
caregiver adult
caregiver entity
caregiver object
caregiver organism
caregiver person
caregiver whole
carelessness abstraction
carelessness attribute
carelessness entity
carelessness trait
caress abstraction
caress act
caress entity
caress event
caress stroke
caress touch
caress stroke
caress touch
caressing entity
caressing foreplay
caressing process
caretaker custodian
caretaker defender
caretaker entity
caretaker object
caretaker organism
caretaker person
caretaker whole
caretaker entity
caretaker object
caretaker official
caretaker organism
caretaker person
caretaker whole
caretaker worker
cargo artifact
cargo commodity
cargo entity
cargo merchandise
cargo object
cargo whole
caricature abstraction
caricature communication
caricature entity
caricature message
caricature wit
caricature imitate
caricature mock
caricature produce
caricature reproduce
carnation entity
carnation flower
carnation object
carnation organism
carnation pink
carnation plant
carnation whole
carnation abstraction
carnation attribute
carnation color
carnation entity
carnation pink
carnation property
carnival abstraction
carnival act
carnival activity
carnival celebration
carnival diversion
carnival entity
carnival event
carnival festival
carnival abstraction
carnival act
carnival activity
carnival diversion
carnival entertainment
carnival entity
carnival event
carnival show
carnivore animal
carnivore entity
carnivore mammal
carnivore object
carnivore organism
carnivore vertebrate
carnivore whole
carnivore animal
carnivore entity
carnivore object
carnivore organism
carnivore predator
carnivore whole
carol abstraction
carol communication
carol entity
carol music
carol song
carol abstraction
carol act
carol activity
carol entity
carol event
carol music
carol song
carol act
carol communicate
carol interact
carol interpret
carol perform
carol sing
carol talk
carousel abstraction
carousel attribute
carousel belt
carousel curve
carousel entity
carousel line
carousel loop
carousel shape
carousel artifact
carousel device
carousel entity
carousel instrumentality
carousel mechanism
carousel object
carousel ride
carousel whole
carp entity
carp food
carp matter
carp seafood
carp solid
carp animal
carp entity
carp fish
carp object
carp organism
carp vertebrate
carp whole
carpenter craftsman
carpenter entity
carpenter object
carpenter organism
carpenter person
carpenter whole
carpenter worker
carpenter work
carpentry abstraction
carpentry act
carpentry activity
carpentry entity
carpentry event
carpentry occupation
carpentry trade
carpet entity
carpet object
carpet whole
carpet cover
carpet touch
carpet cover
carriage artifact
carriage container
carriage conveyance
carriage entity
carriage instrumentality
carriage object
carriage vehicle
carriage whole
carriage abstraction
carriage attribute
carriage entity
carriage property
carriage artifact
carriage device
carriage entity
carriage instrumentality
carriage mechanism
carriage object
carriage whole
carriageway artifact
carriageway entity
carriageway object
carriageway road
carriageway roadway
carriageway way
carriageway whole
carrier entity
carrier object
carrier organism
carrier person
carrier traveler
carrier whole
carrier artifact
carrier container
carrier conveyance
carrier entity
carrier instrumentality
carrier object
carrier vehicle
carrier whole
carrier abstraction
carrier chemical
carrier entity
carrier material
carrier matter
carrier part
carrier relation
carrier substance
carrier abstraction
carrier business
carrier enterprise
carrier entity
carrier group
carrier organization
carrier employee
carrier entity
carrier object
carrier organism
carrier person
carrier whole
carrier worker
carrier agent
carrier entity
carrier immune
carrier object
carrier organism
carrier person
carrier whole
carrier artifact
carrier entity
carrier framework
carrier object
carrier rack
carrier structure
carrier whole
carrier entity
carrier object
carrier organism
carrier whole
carrot entity
carrot object
carrot root
carrot whole
carrot entity
carrot herb
carrot object
carrot organism
carrot plant
carrot whole
carrot entity
carrot food
carrot matter
carrot produce
carrot solid
carrot vegetable
carrot abstraction
carrot act
carrot activity
carrot aid
carrot blessing
carrot entity
carrot event
carrot reward
carrot support
carry abstraction
carry act
carry action
carry change
carry entity
carry event
carry movement
carry transportation
carry have
carry act
carry communicate
carry interact
carry hold
carry act
carry effect
carry be
carry continue
carry have
carry imply
carry win
carry evaluate
carry include
carry see
carry think
carry act
carry circulate
carry communicate
carry inform
carry interact
carry publicize
carry tell
carry communicate
carry convey
carry move
carry transfer
carry have
carry range
carry have
carry sustain
carry have
carry affect
carry change
carry influence
carry adjust
carry balance
carry change
carry compensate
carry match
carry promote
carry support
carry bear
carry have
carry appropriate
carry assume
carry take
carry move
carry transfer
carry follow
carry travel
carry cultivate
carry grow
carry move
carry consume
carry drink
carry give
carry nourish
carry provide
carry transfer
carry have
carry travel
carry get
carry obtain
carry win
carry perform
cart artifact
cart container
cart conveyance
cart entity
cart instrumentality
cart object
cart vehicle
cart wagon
cart whole
cart move
cart transport
cartilage entity
cartilage part
cartilage thing
cartilage tissue
cartographer entity
cartographer expert
cartographer geographer
cartographer object
cartographer organism
cartographer person
cartographer whole
carton abstraction
carton entity
carton measure
carton artifact
carton box
carton container
carton entity
carton instrumentality
carton object
carton whole
cartoon abstraction
cartoon communication
cartoon entity
cartoon message
cartoon wit
cartoon abstraction
cartoon artifact
cartoon creation
cartoon entity
cartoon event
cartoon movie
cartoon object
cartoon product
cartoon show
cartoon whole
cartoon draw
cartoon make
cartoon represent
cartoonist artist
cartoonist creator
cartoonist draftsman
cartoonist entity
cartoonist object
cartoonist organism
cartoonist person
cartoonist whole
carve cut
carve make
carve move
carve separate
carve shape
carve cut
carve move
carve separate
carve cut
carve move
carve separate
carving abstraction
carving art
carving artifact
carving attribute
carving creation
carving entity
carving figure
carving object
carving sculpture
carving shape
carving whole
carving abstraction
carving act
carving activity
carving creation
carving entity
carving event
cascade entity
cascade thing
cascade waterfall
cascade abstraction
cascade arrangement
cascade entity
cascade group
cascade series
cascade succession
cascade descend
cascade travel
cascade arrange
cascade move
cascade put
case abstraction
case entity
case event
case happening
case abstraction
case cognition
case entity
case fact
case information
case artifact
case container
case entity
case instrumentality
case object
case whole
case entity
case object
case organism
case person
case whole
case abstraction
case communication
case entity
case message
case problem
case question
case subject
case abstraction
case argument
case communication
case entity
case evidence
case indication
case abstraction
case entity
case measure
case abstraction
case class
case collection
case entity
case group
case abstraction
case attribute
case condition
case entity
case state
case artifact
case container
case entity
case instrumentality
case object
case receptacle
case whole
case artifact
case commodity
case entity
case linen
case object
case whole
case artifact
case container
case entity
case instrumentality
case object
case whole
case examine
case inspect
cash abstraction
cash currency
cash entity
cash measure
cash standard
cash abstraction
cash cost
cash entity
cash payment
cash possession
cash relation
cash exchange
cash transfer
cashew entity
cashew object
cashew organism
cashew plant
cashew tree
cashew whole
cashew entity
cashew fruit
cashew nut
cashew object
cashew seed
cashew whole
cashmere artifact
cashmere entity
cashmere fabric
cashmere object
cashmere whole
cashmere abstraction
cashmere entity
cashmere fiber
cashmere material
cashmere matter
cashmere part
cashmere relation
cashmere substance
cashmere wool
casing artifact
casing covering
casing entity
casing object
casing whole
casing artifact
casing entity
casing framework
casing object
casing structure
casing whole
casino artifact
casino building
casino entity
casino establishment
casino object
casino structure
casino whole
casino abstraction
casino act
casino activity
casino entity
casino event
casino game
casket artifact
casket box
casket container
casket entity
casket instrumentality
casket object
casket whole
casket enclose
casket surround
casket touch
cassette artifact
cassette container
cassette entity
cassette instrumentality
cassette object
cassette whole
cast abstraction
cast entity
cast gathering
cast group
cast abstraction
cast attribute
cast entity
cast shape
cast solid
cast artifact
cast bandage
cast covering
cast dressing
cast entity
cast object
cast whole
cast artifact
cast copy
cast creation
cast entity
cast object
cast representation
cast whole
cast abstraction
cast act
cast activity
cast diversion
cast entity
cast event
cast gambling
cast throw
cast transgression
cast vice
cast express
cast give
cast state
cast appoint
cast delegate
cast appoint
cast delegate
cast make
cast shape
castaway entity
castaway object
castaway organism
castaway person
castaway unfortunate
castaway whole
caste abstraction
caste attribute
caste entity
caste state
caste status
caste abstraction
caste class
caste entity
caste group
caste people
caste abstraction
caste class
caste entity
caste group
caste people
caste abstraction
caste entity
caste group
caster entity
caster object
caster organism
caster person
caster whole
caster worker
caster artifact
caster container
caster entity
caster instrumentality
caster object
caster shaker
caster whole
caster artifact
caster device
caster entity
caster instrumentality
caster machine
caster mechanism
caster object
caster roller
caster wheel
caster whole
casting abstraction
casting act
casting activity
casting diversion
casting entity
casting event
casting fishing
casting sport
casting abstraction
casting act
casting action
casting choice
casting entity
casting event
castle artifact
castle entity
castle fortification
castle object
castle structure
castle whole
castle artifact
castle entity
castle equipment
castle instrumentality
castle man
castle object
castle whole
castle abstraction
castle act
castle activity
castle entity
castle event
castle move
castle turn
castle move
castration abstraction
castration act
castration activity
castration entity
castration event
castration operation
castration procedure
castration sterilization
castration abstraction
castration act
castration activity
castration entity
castration event
castration operation
castration procedure
casualty entity
casualty object
casualty organism
casualty person
casualty unfortunate
casualty victim
casualty whole
casualty entity
casualty object
casualty organism
casualty person
casualty unfortunate
casualty victim
casualty whole
casualty abstraction
casualty change
casualty decrease
casualty entity
casualty event
casualty happening
cat animal
cat carnivore
cat entity
cat feline
cat mammal
cat object
cat organism
cat vertebrate
cat whole
cat adult
cat entity
cat female
cat gossip
cat object
cat organism
cat person
cat whole
cat woman
cat beat
catalog artifact
catalog book
catalog creation
catalog entity
catalog object
catalog product
catalog publication
catalog whole
catalog work
catalog abstraction
catalog communication
catalog database
catalog entity
catalog information
catalog list
catalog message
catalysis entity
catalysis process
catalyst abstraction
catalyst activator
catalyst entity
catalyst matter
catalyst part
catalyst relation
catalyst substance
catalyst entity
catalyze change
catapult artifact
catapult device
catapult entity
catapult instrumentality
catapult object
catapult whole
catapult artifact
catapult device
catapult engine
catapult entity
catapult instrumentality
catapult instrument
catapult object
catapult whole
catapult move
cataract abstraction
cataract attribute
cataract condition
cataract disease
cataract entity
cataract illness
cataract state
cataract entity
cataract thing
cataract waterfall
catastrophe abstraction
catastrophe adversity
catastrophe attribute
catastrophe condition
catastrophe entity
catastrophe fortune
catastrophe misfortune
catastrophe state
catastrophe entity
catastrophe phenomenon
catastrophe process
catch abstraction
catch attribute
catch bad
catch disadvantage
catch drawback
catch entity
catch liability
catch quality
catch abstraction
catch entity
catch measure
catch adult
catch entity
catch object
catch organism
catch person
catch whole
catch entity
catch object
catch abstraction
catch communication
catch entity
catch artifact
catch device
catch entity
catch instrumentality
catch object
catch restraint
catch whole
catch artifact
catch device
catch entity
catch fastener
catch instrumentality
catch object
catch restraint
catch whole
catch abstraction
catch act
catch activity
catch diversion
catch entity
catch event
catch game
catch abstraction
catch act
catch entity
catch event
catch touch
catch affect
catch surprise
catch perceive
catch seize
catch take
catch attract
catch move
catch pull
catch board
catch enter
catch get
catch change
catch control
catch forget
catch inhibit
catch restrain
catch suppress
catch hear
catch perceive
catch understand
catch change
catch contract
catch worsen
catch change
catch erupt
catch hear
catch perceive
catch hurt
catch perceive
catch make
catch reproduce
catch have
catch keep
catch store
catch move
catch spread
catch compete
catch play
catch change
catch experience
catch undergo
catch witness
catch change
catch decrease
catch delay
catcher athlete
catcher contestant
catcher entity
catcher fielder
catcher infielder
catcher object
catcher organism
catcher person
catcher player
catcher whole
catcher abstraction
catcher act
catcher activity
catcher entity
catcher event
catcher position
catcher role
catching abstraction
catching act
catching action
catching entity
catching event
catching abstraction
catching act
catching entity
catching event
catechism abstraction
catechism act
catechism entity
catechism event
catechism interrogation
catechism request
catechism artifact
catechism book
catechism creation
catechism entity
catechism object
catechism product
catechism publication
catechism whole
catechism work
categorization abstraction
categorization act
categorization activity
categorization entity
categorization event
categorization grouping
categorize reason
categorize think
category abstraction
category cognition
category concept
category content
category entity
category idea
catering abstraction
catering act
catering activity
catering entity
catering event
catering occupation
caterpillar animal
caterpillar entity
caterpillar larva
caterpillar object
caterpillar organism
caterpillar whole
caterpillar artifact
caterpillar container
caterpillar conveyance
caterpillar entity
caterpillar instrumentality
caterpillar object
caterpillar vehicle
caterpillar whole
catfish entity
catfish food
catfish matter
catfish seafood
catfish solid
catfish animal
catfish entity
catfish fish
catfish object
catfish organism
catfish vertebrate
catfish whole
cathedral artifact
cathedral building
cathedral church
cathedral entity
cathedral object
cathedral structure
cathedral whole
cathedral artifact
cathedral building
cathedral church
cathedral entity
cathedral object
cathedral structure
cathedral whole
catheter artifact
catheter conduit
catheter entity
catheter object
catheter passage
catheter tube
catheter way
catheter whole
catholic entity
catholic object
catholic organism
catholic person
catholic whole
catholicism abstraction
catholicism attribute
catholicism belief
catholicism cognition
catholicism content
catholicism entity
catholicism good
catholicism morality
catholicism quality
catholicism religion
catholicism virtue
cattle animal
cattle bovine
cattle entity
cattle mammal
cattle object
cattle organism
cattle vertebrate
cattle whole
catty abstraction
catty entity
catty measure
caucus abstraction
caucus entity
caucus gathering
caucus group
caucus meeting
caucus act
caucus interact
caucus meet
causality abstraction
causality entity
causality relation
cause abstraction
cause beginning
cause entity
cause event
cause happening
cause origin
cause abstraction
cause communication
cause entity
cause explanation
cause justification
cause message
cause statement
cause make
causeway artifact
causeway entity
causeway object
causeway road
causeway way
causeway whole
causeway give
causeway supply
causeway transfer
causeway coat
causeway cover
causeway pave
causing abstraction
causing act
causing entity
causing event
caustic abstraction
caustic chemical
caustic compound
caustic entity
caustic material
caustic matter
caustic part
caustic relation
caustic substance
caution abstraction
caution attentiveness
caution attribute
caution entity
caution trait
caution abstraction
caution act
caution entity
caution event
caution warning
caution ability
caution abstraction
caution cognition
caution entity
caution wisdom
caution act
caution communicate
caution inform
caution interact
caution warn
cavalier aristocrat
cavalier entity
cavalier leader
cavalier object
cavalier organism
cavalier person
cavalier whole
cavalier adult
cavalier conservative
cavalier entity
cavalier monarchist
cavalier object
cavalier organism
cavalier person
cavalier whole
cavalry abstraction
cavalry entity
cavalry force
cavalry group
cavalry organization
cavalry abstraction
cavalry entity
cavalry group
cavalry organization
cavalry unit
cavalryman entity
cavalryman object
cavalryman organism
cavalryman person
cavalryman serviceman
cavalryman soldier
cavalryman whole
cavalryman worker
cavalryman entity
cavalryman object
cavalryman organism
cavalryman person
cavalryman serviceman
cavalryman soldier
cavalryman whole
cavalryman worker
cave entity
cave object
cave change
cave empty
cave hollow
cave analyze
cave explore
cave investigate
cavern abstraction
cavern attribute
cavern enclosure
cavern entity
cavern location
cavern object
cavern shape
cavern space
cavern cave
cavern entity
cavern object
cavern change
cavern empty
cavern hollow
caviar entity
caviar food
caviar matter
caviar seafood
caviar solid
cavity abstraction
cavity attribute
cavity entity
cavity location
cavity object
cavity shape
cavity space
cavity decay
cavity entity
cavity process
cavity entity
cavity part
cavity structure
cavity thing
cease abstraction
cease end
cease entity
cease measure
cease point
cedar conifer
cedar entity
cedar object
cedar organism
cedar plant
cedar tree
cedar whole
cedar abstraction
cedar entity
cedar material
cedar matter
cedar part
cedar relation
cedar substance
cedar wood
cedar conifer
cedar entity
cedar object
cedar organism
cedar plant
cedar tree
cedar whole
ceiling artifact
ceiling entity
ceiling object
ceiling side
ceiling surface
ceiling whole
ceiling abstraction
ceiling altitude
ceiling distance
ceiling elevation
ceiling entity
ceiling placement
ceiling position
ceiling relation
ceiling spacing
ceiling abstraction
ceiling argumentation
ceiling cognition
ceiling control
ceiling entity
ceiling policy
ceiling process
ceiling reasoning
ceiling thinking
ceiling abstraction
ceiling altitude
ceiling distance
ceiling elevation
ceiling entity
ceiling placement
ceiling position
ceiling relation
ceiling spacing
celebrate meet
celebration abstraction
celebration affair
celebration entity
celebration event
celebration abstraction
celebration act
celebration activity
celebration diversion
celebration entity
celebration event
celebration abstraction
celebration act
celebration activity
celebration entity
celebration event
celebration practice
celebration ritual
celebrity adult
celebrity entity
celebrity object
celebrity organism
celebrity person
celebrity whole
celery entity
celery herb
celery object
celery organism
celery plant
celery whole
celery entity
celery food
celery matter
celery produce
celery solid
celery vegetable
celibacy abstraction
celibacy attribute
celibacy condition
celibacy entity
celibacy state
celibate entity
celibate object
celibate organism
celibate person
celibate whole
cell abstraction
cell attribute
cell compartment
cell entity
cell location
cell object
cell shape
cell space
cell entity
cell object
cell whole
cell artifact
cell device
cell entity
cell instrumentality
cell object
cell whole
cell abstraction
cell entity
cell group
cell organization
cell unit
cell area
cell artifact
cell entity
cell object
cell room
cell structure
cell whole
cell area
cell artifact
cell entity
cell object
cell room
cell structure
cell whole
cellar area
cellar artifact
cellar entity
cellar object
cellar structure
cellar whole
cello artifact
cello device
cello entity
cello instrumentality
cello object
cello whole
cellulite entity
cellulite part
cellulite thing
cellulite tissue
cellulose abstraction
cellulose carbohydrate
cellulose chemical
cellulose compound
cellulose entity
cellulose material
cellulose matter
cellulose molecule
cellulose part
cellulose relation
cellulose substance
cellulose thing
cellulose unit
cement artifact
cement concrete
cement entity
cement object
cement whole
cement artifact
cement entity
cement object
cement whole
cement abstraction
cement entity
cement material
cement matter
cement part
cement relation
cement substance
cement abstraction
cement entity
cement filling
cement material
cement matter
cement part
cement relation
cement substance
cement attach
cement bind
cement connect
cement coat
cement cover
cement attach
cement connect
cement fasten
cemetery entity
cemetery location
cemetery object
cemetery region
cemetery site
cemetery tract
censor entity
censor object
censor organism
censor person
censor whole
censor entity
censor object
censor official
censor organism
censor person
censor whole
censor worker
censor evaluate
censor measure
censor think
census abstraction
census act
census activity
census count
census entity
census event
census investigation
census work
census count
census determine
cent abstraction
cent entity
cent measure
centaur ability
centaur abstraction
centaur cognition
centaur creativity
centaur entity
centaur imagination
centaur monster
centenarian adult
centenarian entity
centenarian object
centenarian organism
centenarian person
centenarian whole
centennial abstraction
centennial anniversary
centennial day
centennial entity
centennial measure
center area
center entity
center location
center object
center region
center artifact
center building
center entity
center object
center structure
center whole
center entity
center location
center object
center point
center abstraction
center cognition
center content
center entity
center object
center entity
center part
center structure
center thing
center abstraction
center arrangement
center entity
center formation
center group
center athlete
center contestant
center entity
center object
center organism
center person
center whole
center athlete
center contestant
center entity
center object
center organism
center person
center player
center whole
center entity
center location
center object
center place
center region
center abstraction
center class
center entity
center group
center people
center athlete
center contestant
center entity
center object
center organism
center person
center player
center whole
center dainty
center entity
center food
center matter
center substance
center sweet
center abstraction
center act
center activity
center entity
center event
center position
center role
center abstraction
center act
center activity
center entity
center event
center position
center role
center abstraction
center act
center activity
center entity
center event
center position
center role
center move
centering abstraction
centering act
centering entity
centering event
centering pass
centering propulsion
centering throw
centimeter abstraction
centimeter entity
centimeter measure
centipede animal
centipede entity
centipede invertebrate
centipede object
centipede organism
centipede whole
central entity
central location
central object
central point
central workplace
centralism abstraction
centralism cognition
centralism content
centralism entity
centralism idea
centralism plan
centralism policy
centrality abstraction
centrality entity
centrality position
centrality relation
centralization abstraction
centralization act
centralization action
centralization change
centralization combination
centralization consolidation
centralization entity
centralization event
centralization abstraction
centralization act
centralization activity
centralization collection
centralization entity
centralization event
centralization gather
centralization grouping
centralize change
centrifuge apparatus
centrifuge artifact
centrifuge entity
centrifuge equipment
centrifuge instrumentality
centrifuge object
centrifuge whole
centrifuge move
centrifuge run
centrifuge spin
centrifuge stream
century abstraction
century entity
century measure
ceramic artifact
ceramic entity
ceramic instrumentality
ceramic object
ceramic whole
ceramics abstraction
ceramics act
ceramics activity
ceramics art
ceramics creation
ceramics entity
ceramics event
cereal entity
cereal grass
cereal herb
cereal object
cereal organism
cereal plant
cereal whole
cereal entity
cereal food
cereal matter
cereal solid
cerebellum entity
cerebellum part
cerebellum structure
cerebellum thing
cerebrum entity
cerebrum part
cerebrum structure
cerebrum thing
ceremony abstraction
ceremony affair
ceremony entity
ceremony event
ceremony abstraction
ceremony act
ceremony activity
ceremony entity
ceremony event
ceremony abstraction
ceremony act
ceremony activity
ceremony entity
ceremony event
certainty abstraction
certainty attribute
certainty condition
certainty entity
certainty state
certainty abstraction
certainty attribute
certainty entity
certainty quality
certificate abstraction
certificate communication
certificate document
certificate entity
certificate writing
certificate allocate
certificate assign
certificate award
certificate distribute
certificate give
certificate transfer
certificate accept
certificate act
certificate authorize
certificate permit
certificate react
certification abstraction
certification act
certification authorization
certification entity
certification event
certification management
certify declare
certify express
certify guarantee
certify pledge
certify promise
certify secure
certify state
certify accept
certify act
certify approve
certify authorize
certify back
certify guarantee
certify permit
certify react
certify declare
certify evaluate
certify think
cervix entity
cervix orifice
cervix part
cervix passage
cervix structure
cervix thing
chafe abstraction
chafe cognition
chafe entity
chafe evidence
chafe information
chafe pain
chafe symptom
chafe change
chafe irritate
chafe worsen
chafe feel
chafe remove
chafe change
chafe warm
chain abstraction
chain arrangement
chain entity
chain group
chain series
chain entity
chain thing
chain unit
chain artifact
chain attachment
chain connection
chain entity
chain instrumentality
chain ligament
chain object
chain whole
chain abstraction
chain business
chain enterprise
chain entity
chain group
chain organization
chain artifact
chain device
chain entity
chain instrumentality
chain object
chain restraint
chain whole
chain abstraction
chain entity
chain measure
chain adornment
chain artifact
chain decoration
chain entity
chain jewelry
chain necklace
chain object
chain whole
chain adornment
chain artifact
chain decoration
chain entity
chain jewelry
chain necklace
chain object
chain whole
chain arrange
chain move
chain put
chain attach
chain connect
chain fasten
chair artifact
chair entity
chair furnishing
chair furniture
chair instrumentality
chair object
chair seat
chair whole
chair artifact
chair device
chair entity
chair instrumentality
chair object
chair seat
chair support
chair whole
chair control
chair direct
chair head
chair manage
chairmanship abstraction
chairmanship act
chairmanship activity
chairmanship entity
chairmanship event
chairmanship occupation
chairmanship position
chalet artifact
chalet building
chalet dwelling
chalet entity
chalet house
chalet housing
chalet object
chalet structure
chalet whole
chalice article
chalice artifact
chalice container
chalice crockery
chalice cup
chalice entity
chalice instrumentality
chalice object
chalice ware
chalice whole
chalk abstraction
chalk entity
chalk material
chalk matter
chalk mineral
chalk part
chalk relation
chalk spar
chalk substance
chalk abstraction
chalk attribute
chalk color
chalk entity
chalk property
chalk white
chalk artifact
chalk entity
chalk implement
chalk instrumentality
chalk object
chalk whole
chalk draw
chalk make
chalk represent
challenge abstraction
challenge attribute
challenge entity
challenge situation
challenge state
challenge abstraction
challenge act
challenge entity
challenge event
challenge abstraction
challenge act
challenge entity
challenge event
challenge request
challenge abstraction
challenge act
challenge entity
challenge event
challenge objection
challenge abstraction
challenge communication
challenge demand
challenge entity
challenge message
challenge request
challenge act
challenge argue
challenge communicate
challenge contest
challenge converse
challenge interact
challenge oppose
challenge talk
challenge ask
challenge communicate
challenge convey
challenge invite
challenge move
challenge request
challenge transfer
challenge communicate
challenge convey
challenge move
challenge request
challenge transfer
challenge disapprove
challenge evaluate
challenge object
challenge think
chamber area
chamber artifact
chamber enclosure
chamber entity
chamber object
chamber structure
chamber whole
chamber cavity
chamber entity
chamber part
chamber structure
chamber thing
chamber area
chamber artifact
chamber entity
chamber object
chamber room
chamber structure
chamber whole
chamber abstraction
chamber assembly
chamber entity
chamber gathering
chamber group
chamber give
chamber house
chamber shelter
chamber supply
chamber transfer
chambermaid domestic
chambermaid entity
chambermaid maid
chambermaid object
chambermaid organism
chambermaid person
chambermaid servant
chambermaid whole
chambermaid worker
chameleon entity
chameleon object
chameleon organism
chameleon person
chameleon whole
chameleon animal
chameleon entity
chameleon lizard
chameleon object
chameleon organism
chameleon reptile
chameleon vertebrate
chameleon whole
chamomile entity
chamomile herb
chamomile object
chamomile organism
chamomile plant
chamomile whole
champ break
champ change
champ chew
champ grate
champagne abstraction
champagne agent
champagne alcohol
champagne beverage
champagne drug
champagne entity
champagne fluid
champagne food
champagne liquid
champagne matter
champagne part
champagne relation
champagne substance
champagne wine
champion contestant
champion entity
champion object
champion organism
champion person
champion rival
champion whole
champion defender
champion entity
champion object
champion organism
champion person
champion whole
champion accept
champion act
champion approve
champion authorize
champion back
champion permit
champion react
championship abstraction
championship attribute
championship entity
championship state
championship status
championship abstraction
championship contest
championship entity
championship event
chance abstraction
chance act
chance activity
chance entity
chance event
chance risk
chance undertaking
chance venture
chance work
chance happen
chancellery artifact
chancellery building
chancellery entity
chancellery object
chancellery structure
chancellery whole
chancellor entity
chancellor negotiator
chancellor object
chancellor organism
chancellor person
chancellor representative
chancellor whole
chancellor adult
chancellor educator
chancellor entity
chancellor object
chancellor organism
chancellor person
chancellor principal
chancellor professional
chancellor whole
chancellorship abstraction
chancellorship act
chancellorship activity
chancellorship entity
chancellorship event
chancellorship occupation
chancellorship position
chandelier artifact
chandelier entity
chandelier fixture
chandelier object
chandelier whole
change abstraction
change entity
change event
change happening
change abstraction
change entity
change relation
change abstraction
change act
change action
change entity
change event
change consequence
change entity
change phenomenon
change process
change abstraction
change cash
change currency
change entity
change measure
change standard
change entity
change thing
change artifact
change clothing
change commodity
change covering
change entity
change object
change whole
change abstraction
change coinage
change coin
change currency
change entity
change measure
change standard
change abstraction
change cash
change currency
change entity
change measure
change standard
change change
change dress
change make
change replace
change make
change replace
changeling child
changeling entity
changeling juvenile
changeling object
changeling organism
changeling person
changeling whole
channel abstraction
channel act
channel communication
channel entity
channel event
channel transmission
channel artifact
channel entity
channel object
channel passage
channel way
channel whole
channel entity
channel thing
channel abstraction
channel act
channel communication
channel entity
channel event
channel artifact
channel entity
channel facility
channel object
channel station
channel whole
channel control
channel steer
chant abstraction
chant communication
chant entity
chant music
chant song
chant act
chant communicate
chant interact
chant sing
chant talk
chaos abstraction
chaos attribute
chaos confusion
chaos disorder
chaos entity
chaos state
chaos entity
chaos phenomenon
chaos process
chaos abstraction
chaos attribute
chaos entity
chaos space
chap entity
chap male
chap object
chap organism
chap person
chap whole
chap abstraction
chap attribute
chap crack
chap entity
chap location
chap object
chap opening
chap shape
chap space
chap artifact
chap clothing
chap commodity
chap covering
chap entity
chap garment
chap legging
chap object
chap whole
chap change
chap crack
chapel artifact
chapel building
chapel entity
chapel object
chapel structure
chapel whole
chaperon defender
chaperon entity
chaperon object
chaperon organism
chaperon person
chaperon whole
chaplain clergyman
chaplain entity
chaplain leader
chaplain object
chaplain organism
chaplain person
chaplain whole
chapter abstraction
chapter communication
chapter entity
chapter music
chapter section
chapter writing
chapter abstraction
chapter entity
chapter measure
chapter phase
chapter abstraction
chapter association
chapter club
chapter entity
chapter group
chapter organization
chapter abstraction
chapter assembly
chapter entity
chapter gathering
chapter group
chapter abstraction
chapter entity
chapter episode
chapter event
chapter happening
character abstraction
character attribute
character entity
character trait
character abstraction
character act
character acting
character activity
character cognition
character content
character discipline
character entity
character event
character portrayal
character adult
character entity
character object
character organism
character person
character whole
character abstraction
character attribute
character entity
character honor
character repute
character standing
character state
character status
character abstraction
character approval
character communication
character entity
character message
character praise
character recommendation
character abstraction
character communication
character entity
character signal
character symbol
character abstraction
character attribute
character entity
character carve
character cut
character move
character scratch
character separate
characteristic abstraction
characteristic attribute
characteristic entity
characteristic quality
characteristic abstraction
characteristic entity
characteristic integer
characteristic measure
characteristic number
characteristic abstraction
characteristic attribute
characteristic entity
characteristic property
characterization abstraction
characterization act
characterization description
characterization entity
characterization event
characterize distinguish
characterize qualify
characterize remember
charade abstraction
charade entity
charade part
charade relation
charade word
charcoal abstraction
charcoal carbon
charcoal entity
charcoal fuel
charcoal matter
charcoal part
charcoal relation
charcoal substance
charcoal artifact
charcoal entity
charcoal implement
charcoal instrumentality
charcoal object
charcoal whole
charcoal abstraction
charcoal attribute
charcoal color
charcoal entity
charcoal gray
charcoal property
charcoal artifact
charcoal creation
charcoal drawing
charcoal entity
charcoal object
charcoal representation
charcoal whole
charcoal draw
charcoal make
charcoal represent
charge abstraction
charge act
charge activity
charge attack
charge entity
charge event
charge operation
charge abstraction
charge communication
charge entity
charge message
charge pleading
charge statement
charge abstraction
charge cost
charge entity
charge possession
charge relation
charge entity
charge phenomenon
charge process
charge entity
charge object
charge organism
charge person
charge recipient
charge whole
charge abstraction
charge entity
charge possession
charge relation
charge abstraction
charge act
charge entity
charge event
charge request
charge artifact
charge decoration
charge design
charge emblem
charge entity
charge object
charge whole
charge abstraction
charge chemical
charge entity
charge explosive
charge material
charge matter
charge part
charge relation
charge substance
charge rush
charge account
charge accuse
charge charge
charge affirm
charge claim
charge change
charge account
charge debit
charge give
charge pay
charge transfer
charge change
charge act
charge create
charge paint
charge aim
charge move
charge position
charge put
charge ask
charge command
charge communicate
charge convey
charge move
charge order
charge request
charge transfer
charge ask
charge communicate
charge convey
charge instruct
charge move
charge order
charge request
charge transfer
charge ask
charge communicate
charge convey
charge instruct
charge move
charge order
charge request
charge transfer
charge determine
charge change
charge give
charge supply
charge transfer
charge change
charge fill
charge impregnate
charger animal
charger entity
charger horse
charger mammal
charger object
charger organism
charger vertebrate
charger whole
charger artifact
charger device
charger entity
charger instrumentality
charger object
charger whole
chariot artifact
chariot carriage
chariot container
chariot conveyance
chariot entity
chariot instrumentality
chariot object
chariot vehicle
chariot whole
chariot artifact
chariot container
chariot conveyance
chariot entity
chariot instrumentality
chariot object
chariot vehicle
chariot whole
chariot move
chariot transport
chariot ride
chariot travel
charity abstraction
charity entity
charity foundation
charity group
charity institution
charity organization
charity abstraction
charity attribute
charity benevolence
charity entity
charity good
charity kindness
charity morality
charity quality
charity virtue
charity abstraction
charity act
charity distribution
charity entity
charity event
charity giving
charity abstraction
charity entity
charity group
charity institution
charity organization
charm entity
charm object
charm abstraction
charm category
charm cognition
charm concept
charm content
charm entity
charm flavor
charm idea
charm kind
charm control
charm defend
charm prevent
charm protect
charm induce
charm persuade
chart abstraction
chart communication
chart entity
chart artifact
chart creation
chart entity
chart map
chart object
chart representation
chart whole
chart make
chart map
chart represent
chart plan
chart think
charter abstraction
charter communication
charter document
charter entity
charter writing
charter abstraction
charter agreement
charter communication
charter contract
charter document
charter entity
charter message
charter statement
charter writing
charter accept
charter act
charter authorize
charter license
charter permit
charter react
chase artifact
chase entity
chase frame
chase framework
chase object
chase structure
chase whole
chase pursue
chase travel
chase act
chase woo
chase cut
chase move
chase separate
chasm abstraction
chasm attribute
chasm entity
chasm location
chasm object
chasm opening
chasm shape
chasm space
chastity abstinence
chastity abstraction
chastity act
chastity activity
chastity control
chastity entity
chastity event
chat abstraction
chat communication
chat conversation
chat entity
chat speech
chatter abstraction
chatter entity
chatter event
chatter happening
chatter noise
chatter sound
chatter abstraction
chatter entity
chatter event
chatter happening
chatter noise
chatter sound
chatter cut
chatter move
chatter separate
chatter act
chatter communicate
chatter interact
chatter talk
chatter act
chatter communicate
chatter interact
chatter talk
cheat abstraction
cheat act
cheat activity
cheat deception
cheat entity
cheat event
cheat falsification
cheat act
cheat interact
cheat treat
cheat wrong
cheat beat
cheat act
cheat deceive
cheat interact
cheat treat
cheat wrong
check abstraction
check communication
check document
check draft
check entity
check writing
check abstraction
check bill
check communication
check document
check entity
check statement
check writing
check abstraction
check act
check activity
check entity
check event
check examination
check inspection
check investigation
check work
check abstraction
check appearance
check attribute
check blemish
check entity
check quality
check artifact
check decoration
check design
check entity
check object
check weave
check whole
check abstraction
check act
check action
check change
check entity
check event
check maneuver
check motion
check obstruction
check abstraction
check act
check activity
check entity
check event
check move
check turn
check analyze
check examine
check stop
check confirm
check verify
check change
check obstruct
check prevent
check entrust
check pass
check transfer
check entrust
check pass
check transfer
check stop
check draw
check make
check represent
check move
check defend
check prevent
check act
check attack
check act
check communicate
check interact
check write
check confirm
check verify
check stop
check change
check crack
checker assistant
checker attendant
checker entity
checker object
checker organism
checker person
checker whole
checker worker
checker entity
checker examiner
checker expert
checker investigator
checker object
checker organism
checker person
checker whole
checker artifact
checker entity
checker equipment
checker instrumentality
checker man
checker object
checker whole
checker change
checker diversify
checker vary
checkers abstraction
checkers act
checkers activity
checkers entity
checkers event
checkers game
checklist abstraction
checklist communication
checklist database
checklist entity
checklist information
checklist list
checklist message
checkmate abstraction
checkmate ending
checkmate entity
checkmate event
checkmate happening
checkmate success
checkmate victory
checkmate abstraction
checkmate act
checkmate activity
checkmate entity
checkmate event
checkmate move
checkmate turn
checkmate beat
checkout abstraction
checkout entity
checkout measure
checkout point
checkout artifact
checkout counter
checkout entity
checkout furnishing
checkout furniture
checkout instrumentality
checkout object
checkout table
checkout whole
checkpoint entity
checkpoint location
checkpoint object
checkpoint point
checkpoint stop
checkup abstraction
checkup act
checkup activity
checkup entity
checkup event
checkup examination
checkup investigation
checkup work
cheek entity
cheek feature
cheek part
cheek thing
cheek act
cheek communicate
cheek interact
cheek talk
cheer abstraction
cheer approval
cheer communication
cheer entity
cheer message
cheer arouse
cheer encourage
cheer inspire
cheer make
cheer stimulate
cheer evaluate
cheer measure
cheer praise
cheer think
cheer feel
cheer rejoice
cheer arouse
cheer encourage
cheer inspire
cheer make
cheer stimulate
cheering abstraction
cheering approval
cheering communication
cheering encouragement
cheering entity
cheering message
cheese entity
cheese food
cheese foodstuff
cheese matter
cheese solid
cheese substance
cheese discontinue
cheese move
cheese spool
cheese wind
cheetah animal
cheetah carnivore
cheetah entity
cheetah feline
cheetah mammal
cheetah object
cheetah organism
cheetah vertebrate
cheetah whole
chef cook
chef entity
chef object
chef organism
chef person
chef whole
chef worker
chemical abstraction
chemical entity
chemical material
chemical matter
chemical part
chemical relation
chemical substance
chemist entity
chemist object
chemist organism
chemist person
chemist scientist
chemist whole
chemistry abstraction
chemistry cognition
chemistry content
chemistry discipline
chemistry entity
chemistry science
chemistry abstraction
chemistry entity
chemistry matter
chemistry part
chemistry relation
chemistry substance
chemistry abstraction
chemistry entity
chemistry relation
chemotherapy abstraction
chemotherapy act
chemotherapy activity
chemotherapy care
chemotherapy entity
chemotherapy event
chemotherapy therapy
chemotherapy treatment
chemotherapy work
cherry abstraction
cherry entity
cherry material
cherry matter
cherry part
cherry relation
cherry substance
cherry wood
cherry entity
cherry object
cherry organism
cherry plant
cherry tree
cherry whole
cherry entity
cherry food
cherry fruit
cherry matter
cherry object
cherry produce
cherry solid
cherry whole
chess entity
chess grass
chess herb
chess object
chess organism
chess plant
chess whole
chess abstraction
chess act
chess activity
chess entity
chess event
chess game
chessboard artifact
chessboard board
chessboard entity
chessboard object
chessboard surface
chessboard whole
chest artifact
chest box
chest container
chest entity
chest instrumentality
chest object
chest whole
chestnut abstraction
chestnut entity
chestnut material
chestnut matter
chestnut part
chestnut relation
chestnut substance
chestnut wood
chestnut entity
chestnut object
chestnut organism
chestnut plant
chestnut tree
chestnut whole
chestnut entity
chestnut fruit
chestnut nut
chestnut object
chestnut seed
chestnut whole
chestnut abstraction
chestnut attribute
chestnut brown
chestnut color
chestnut entity
chestnut property
chestnut abstraction
chestnut callus
chestnut cognition
chestnut entity
chestnut evidence
chestnut information
chestnut scar
chestnut symptom
chestnut animal
chestnut entity
chestnut horse
chestnut mammal
chestnut object
chestnut organism
chestnut vertebrate
chestnut whole
chew abstraction
chew entity
chew measure
chew taste
chew abstraction
chew act
chew action
chew change
chew entity
chew event
chew break
chew change
chew grate
chic abstraction
chic attribute
chic elegance
chic entity
chic quality
chick animal
chick bird
chick chicken
chick entity
chick object
chick organism
chick vertebrate
chick whole
chick young
chicken bird
chicken entity
chicken food
chicken matter
chicken meat
chicken poultry
chicken solid
chicken animal
chicken bird
chicken entity
chicken object
chicken organism
chicken vertebrate
chicken whole
chicken abstraction
chicken contest
chicken entity
chicken event
chickenpox abstraction
chickenpox attribute
chickenpox condition
chickenpox disease
chickenpox entity
chickenpox illness
chickenpox pox
chickenpox state
chihuahua animal
chihuahua canine
chihuahua carnivore
chihuahua dog
chihuahua entity
chihuahua mammal
chihuahua object
chihuahua organism
chihuahua vertebrate
chihuahua whole
child entity
child juvenile
child object
child organism
child person
child whole
child entity
child object
child offspring
child organism
child person
child relative
child whole
child entity
child object
child organism
child person
child whole
child descendant
child entity
child object
child organism
child person
child relative
child whole
childbirth entity
childbirth process
childhood abstraction
childhood entity
childhood measure
childhood abstraction
childhood attribute
childhood entity
childhood immaturity
childhood state
childishness abstraction
childishness age
childishness attribute
childishness entity
childishness property
childishness youngness
chili dish
chili entity
chili food
chili matter
chili substance
chili entity
chili food
chili matter
chili pepper
chili produce
chili solid
chili vegetable
chill abstraction
chill agent
chill attribute
chill coldness
chill entity
chill measure
chill property
chill temperature
chill abstraction
chill cognition
chill entity
chill evidence
chill information
chill symptom
chill abstraction
chill apprehension
chill attribute
chill emotion
chill entity
chill fear
chill feeling
chill state
chill discourage
chilliness abstraction
chilliness agent
chilliness attribute
chilliness coldness
chilliness entity
chilliness measure
chilliness property
chilliness temperature
chimney artifact
chimney conduit
chimney entity
chimney object
chimney passage
chimney way
chimney whole
chimpanzee animal
chimpanzee ape
chimpanzee entity
chimpanzee mammal
chimpanzee object
chimpanzee organism
chimpanzee primate
chimpanzee vertebrate
chimpanzee whole
chin entity
chin feature
chin part
chin thing
chin move
chin raise
china artifact
china entity
china implement
china instrumentality
china object
china porcelain
china utensil
china whole
chip artifact
chip entity
chip float
chip object
chip whole
chip abstraction
chip droppings
chip entity
chip material
chip matter
chip part
chip relation
chip substance
chip waste
chip dish
chip entity
chip food
chip matter
chip substance
chip artifact
chip counter
chip entity
chip equipment
chip instrumentality
chip object
chip whole
chip artifact
chip conductor
chip device
chip entity
chip instrumentality
chip object
chip whole
chip abstraction
chip act
chip action
chip approach
chip change
chip entity
chip event
chip maneuver
chip motion
chip stroke
chip abstraction
chip act
chip action
chip breakage
chip change
chip entity
chip event
chip change
chip separate
chip hit
chip move
chip shoot
chip make
chip shape
chip cut
chip move
chip separate
chiropractic abstraction
chiropractic act
chiropractic activity
chiropractic care
chiropractic entity
chiropractic event
chiropractic treatment
chiropractic work
chiropractor entity
chiropractor expert
chiropractor object
chiropractor organism
chiropractor person
chiropractor therapist
chiropractor whole
chirp abstraction
chirp entity
chirp event
chirp happening
chirp sound
chisel artifact
chisel cutter
chisel entity
chisel implement
chisel instrumentality
chisel object
chisel tool
chisel whole
chisel carve
chisel cut
chisel move
chisel separate
chitchat abstraction
chitchat chat
chitchat communication
chitchat conversation
chitchat entity
chitchat speech
chivalry abstraction
chivalry attribute
chivalry courtesy
chivalry entity
chivalry manner
chivalry trait
chivalry abstraction
chivalry cognition
chivalry content
chivalry entity
chivalry idea
chivalry ideal
chivalry principle
chivalry value
chlamydia abstraction
chlamydia attribute
chlamydia condition
chlamydia disease
chlamydia entity
chlamydia illness
chlamydia state
chlamydia bacteria
chlamydia entity
chlamydia microorganism
chlamydia object
chlamydia organism
chlamydia whole
chloride abstraction
chloride chemical
chloride compound
chloride entity
chloride material
chloride matter
chloride part
chloride relation
chloride substance
chloride abstraction
chloride chemical
chloride compound
chloride entity
chloride material
chloride matter
chloride part
chloride relation
chloride salt
chloride substance
chlorine abstraction
chlorine entity
chlorine fluid
chlorine gas
chlorine group
chlorine halogen
chlorine matter
chlorine part
chlorine relation
chlorine substance
chlorophyll abstraction
chlorophyll entity
chlorophyll material
chlorophyll matter
chlorophyll part
chlorophyll pigment
chlorophyll relation
chlorophyll substance
chloroplast abstraction
chloroplast atom
chloroplast entity
chloroplast grain
chloroplast material
chloroplast matter
chloroplast part
chloroplast relation
chloroplast substance
chocolate entity
chocolate food
chocolate matter
chocolate solid
chocolate abstraction
chocolate attribute
chocolate brown
chocolate color
chocolate entity
chocolate property
choice abstraction
choice cognition
choice entity
choice process
choice abstraction
choice act
choice action
choice entity
choice event
choir abstraction
choir chorus
choir entity
choir group
choir organization
choir abstraction
choir collection
choir entity
choir group
choir set
choir area
choir artifact
choir entity
choir object
choir structure
choir whole
choir act
choir communicate
choir interact
choir sing
choir talk
cholera abstraction
cholera attribute
cholera condition
cholera disease
cholera entity
cholera illness
cholera state
cholesterol abstraction
cholesterol alcohol
cholesterol chemical
cholesterol compound
cholesterol entity
cholesterol fluid
cholesterol liquid
cholesterol material
cholesterol matter
cholesterol part
cholesterol relation
cholesterol steroid
cholesterol substance
choose decide
choose evaluate
choose think
chop entity
chop phenomenon
chop process
chop cut
chop entity
chop food
chop matter
chop meat
chop solid
chop bone
chop entity
chop jaw
chop part
chop thing
chop tissue
chop abstraction
chop act
chop action
chop change
chop entity
chop event
chop maneuver
chop motion
chop return
chop stroke
chop abstraction
chop act
chop entity
chop event
chop hit
chop touch
chop cut
chop move
chop separate
chop move
chop make
chop strike
chop touch
chop cut
chop move
chop separate
chop attack
chop contend
chop strike
chopper bone
chopper entity
chopper part
chopper thing
chopper tissue
chopper tooth
chopstick article
chopstick artifact
chopstick entity
chopstick object
chopstick ware
chopstick whole
chord abstraction
chord attribute
chord entity
chord line
chord shape
chord abstraction
chord communication
chord entity
chord notation
chord note
chord writing
chord play
chord sound
choreograph make
choreograph mastermind
choreograph plan
choreograph think
choreographer creator
choreographer entity
choreographer object
choreographer organism
choreographer person
choreographer whole
choreography art
choreography artifact
choreography creation
choreography dance
choreography entity
choreography object
choreography whole
choreography abstraction
choreography communication
choreography entity
choreography notation
choreography writing
chorus abstraction
chorus entity
chorus event
chorus happening
chorus sound
chorus abstraction
chorus entity
chorus group
chorus organization
chorus abstraction
chorus arrangement
chorus entity
chorus formation
chorus group
chorus line
chorus abstraction
chorus company
chorus entity
chorus group
chorus organization
chorus utter
chosen darling
chosen entity
chosen lover
chosen object
chosen organism
chosen person
chosen whole
chosen abstraction
chosen class
chosen elite
chosen entity
chosen group
chosen people
chow entity
chow fare
chow food
chow matter
chow substance
chow animal
chow canine
chow carnivore
chow dog
chow entity
chow mammal
chow object
chow organism
chow vertebrate
chow whole
christening abstraction
christening act
christening activity
christening baptism
christening ceremony
christening entity
christening event
christening sacrament
chrome abstraction
chrome chromium
chrome entity
chrome matter
chrome part
chrome relation
chrome substance
chrome coat
chrome cover
chrome plate
chrome affect
chrome change
chrome process
chromium abstraction
chromium entity
chromium matter
chromium part
chromium relation
chromium substance
chromosome body
chromosome entity
chromosome object
chromosome whole
chronicle have
chronicle keep
chronicle record
chronicle save
chronicler entity
chronicler historian
chronicler intellectual
chronicler object
chronicler organism
chronicler person
chronicler scholar
chronicler whole
chronology abstraction
chronology entity
chronology relation
chronology abstraction
chronology communication
chronology entity
chronology evidence
chronology indication
chronology record
chronology abstraction
chronology cognition
chronology content
chronology discipline
chronology entity
chuck cut
chuck entity
chuck food
chuck matter
chuck meat
chuck solid
chuck artifact
chuck device
chuck entity
chuck instrumentality
chuck object
chuck whole
chuck move
chuck throw
chuck abandon
chuck discard
chuck caress
chuck stroke
chuck touch
chump entity
chump object
chump organism
chump person
chump victim
chump whole
chunk abstraction
chunk entity
chunk measure
church abstraction
church entity
church group
church institution
church organization
church religion
church artifact
church building
church entity
church object
church structure
church whole
church abstraction
church body
church entity
church group
church act
church perform
churchyard entity
churchyard location
churchyard object
churchyard region
churchyard tract
churchyard yard
churn artifact
churn container
churn entity
churn instrumentality
churn object
churn vessel
churn whole
churn move
churn stir
churn move
chute artifact
chute channel
chute entity
chute gutter
chute object
chute passage
chute way
chute whole
chute descend
chute dive
chute travel
cider abstraction
cider beverage
cider entity
cider fluid
cider food
cider liquid
cider matter
cider part
cider relation
cider substance
cigar abstraction
cigar agent
cigar drug
cigar entity
cigar material
cigar matter
cigar part
cigar relation
cigar substance
cigar tobacco
cigarette abstraction
cigarette agent
cigarette drug
cigarette entity
cigarette material
cigarette matter
cigarette part
cigarette relation
cigarette substance
cigarette tobacco
cinema artifact
cinema building
cinema entity
cinema object
cinema structure
cinema theater
cinema whole
cinnamon bark
cinnamon covering
cinnamon entity
cinnamon object
cinnamon whole
cinnamon entity
cinnamon laurel
cinnamon object
cinnamon organism
cinnamon plant
cinnamon tree
cinnamon whole
cinnamon entity
cinnamon food
cinnamon foodstuff
cinnamon ingredient
cinnamon matter
cinnamon spice
cinnamon substance
cipher abstraction
cipher communication
cipher entity
cipher message
cipher commoner
cipher entity
cipher object
cipher organism
cipher person
cipher whole
cipher abstraction
cipher code
cipher communication
cipher entity
cipher writing
circle abstraction
circle attribute
circle ellipse
circle entity
circle figure
circle shape
circle abstraction
circle attribute
circle entity
circle shape
circle abstraction
circle entity
circle position
circle relation
circle room
circle seating
circle artifact
circle device
circle entity
circle instrumentality
circle mechanism
circle object
circle whole
circle travel
circuit artifact
circuit device
circuit entity
circuit instrumentality
circuit object
circuit whole
circuit entity
circuit line
circuit location
circuit object
circuit path
circuit abstraction
circuit entity
circuit group
circuit travel
circuitry artifact
circuitry entity
circuitry equipment
circuitry instrumentality
circuitry object
circuitry whole
circular abstraction
circular ad
circular communication
circular entity
circular message
circular promotion
circularity abstraction
circularity attribute
circularity entity
circularity property
circularity roundness
circularity shape
circulate act
circulate communicate
circulate inform
circulate interact
circulate publicize
circulate tell
circulate move
circulate run
circulate move
circulate travel
circulation abstraction
circulation act
circulation communication
circulation dissemination
circulation entity
circulation event
circulation transmission
circulation entity
circulation phenomenon
circulation process
circulation abstraction
circulation count
circulation entity
circulation measure
circulation number
circulation abstraction
circulation count
circulation entity
circulation measure
circulation number
circulation abstraction
circulation entity
circulation event
circulation happening
circulation movement
circulation abstraction
circulation act
circulation action
circulation change
circulation entity
circulation event
circulation expansion
circulation extension
circulation increase
circulation spread
circumcise cut
circumcise move
circumcise separate
circumcise remove
circumcision abstraction
circumcision day
circumcision entity
circumcision holiday
circumcision measure
circumcision abstraction
circumcision act
circumcision activity
circumcision ceremony
circumcision entity
circumcision event
circumcision rite
circumcision abstraction
circumcision act
circumcision action
circumcision change
circumcision entity
circumcision event
circumcision removal
circumcision separation
circumference abstraction
circumference attribute
circumference entity
circumference magnitude
circumference property
circumference size
circumference boundary
circumference entity
circumference extremity
circumference location
circumference object
circumference region
circumference abstraction
circumference attribute
circumference dimension
circumference entity
circumference length
circumference magnitude
circumference measure
circumference property
circumscription abstraction
circumscription act
circumscription activity
circumscription control
circumscription entity
circumscription event
circumscription restraint
circumscription restriction
circumspection abstraction
circumspection attribute
circumspection discretion
circumspection entity
circumspection trait
circumspection wisdom
circumstance abstraction
circumstance attribute
circumstance condition
circumstance entity
circumstance state
circumstance abstraction
circumstance cognition
circumstance entity
circumstance information
circumstance abstraction
circumstance affair
circumstance ceremony
circumstance entity
circumstance event
circumstances abstraction
circumstances entity
circumstances possession
circumstances relation
circus abstraction
circus company
circus entity
circus group
circus organization
circus abstraction
circus act
circus activity
circus diversion
circus entertainment
circus entity
circus event
circus show
circus abstraction
circus act
circus action
circus change
circus disturbance
circus entity
circus event
circus motion
circus artifact
circus entity
circus object
circus stadium
circus structure
circus whole
circus arena
circus entity
circus location
circus object
circus region
circus tract
circus abstraction
circus entity
circus genus
circus group
citation abstraction
citation award
citation communication
citation entity
citation signal
citation symbol
citation abstraction
citation act
citation entity
citation event
citation abstraction
citation comment
citation communication
citation entity
citation message
citation note
citation statement
citation abstraction
citation communication
citation document
citation entity
citation summons
citation writing
citizen entity
citizen national
citizen object
citizen organism
citizen person
citizen whole
citizenry abstraction
citizenry entity
citizenry group
citizenship abstraction
citizenship attribute
citizenship entity
citizenship state
citizenship status
citizenship abstraction
citizenship attribute
citizenship entity
citizenship trait
citrus entity
citrus food
citrus fruit
citrus matter
citrus object
citrus produce
citrus solid
citrus whole
citrus entity
citrus object
citrus organism
citrus plant
citrus tree
citrus whole
city district
city entity
city location
city municipality
city object
city region
city district
city entity
city location
city object
city region
city abstraction
city entity
city gathering
city group
city municipality
cityscape abstraction
cityscape attitude
cityscape cognition
cityscape entity
cityscape position
cityscape art
cityscape artifact
cityscape creation
cityscape entity
cityscape object
cityscape painting
cityscape whole
civics abstraction
civics cognition
civics content
civics discipline
civics entity
civics science
civilian citizen
civilian entity
civilian national
civilian object
civilian organism
civilian person
civilian whole
civility abstraction
civility attribute
civility courtesy
civility entity
civility manner
civility trait
civilization abstraction
civilization entity
civilization group
civilization society
civilization entity
civilization process
claim abstraction
claim assertion
claim communication
claim declaration
claim entity
claim message
claim statement
claim abstraction
claim assertion
claim communication
claim declaration
claim entity
claim message
claim statement
claim abstraction
claim act
claim activity
claim demand
claim entity
claim event
claim abstraction
claim cognition
claim concept
claim content
claim entity
claim idea
claim right
claim affirm
claim communicate
claim convey
claim move
claim request
claim transfer
claim communicate
claim convey
claim move
claim request
claim transfer
claim affirm
claim declare
claim express
claim state
claim necessitate
claimant applicant
claimant entity
claimant object
claimant organism
claimant person
claimant whole
clairvoyant entity
clairvoyant object
clairvoyant organism
clairvoyant person
clairvoyant psychic
clairvoyant whole
clam animal
clam entity
clam invertebrate
clam object
clam organism
clam whole
clam entity
clam food
clam matter
clam seafood
clam shellfish
clam solid
clam gather
clamp artifact
clamp device
clamp entity
clamp instrumentality
clamp object
clamp whole
clamp attach
clamp connect
clamp fasten
clamp act
clamp communicate
clamp inflict
clamp interact
clampdown abstraction
clampdown act
clampdown activity
clampdown control
clampdown entity
clampdown event
clampdown limitation
clampdown regulation
clang abstraction
clang entity
clang event
clang happening
clang noise
clang sound
clap move
clap put
clap beat
clap move
clap act
clap communicate
clap interact
clap beat
clap move
clap hit
clap touch
clap hit
clap move
clapper entity
clapper object
clapper organism
clapper person
clapper whole
clapper artifact
clapper device
clapper entity
clapper instrumentality
clapper mechanism
clapper object
clapper striker
clapper whole
clarification abstraction
clarification communication
clarification entity
clarification explanation
clarification interpretation
clarification message
clarification statement
clarify act
clarify communicate
clarify explain
clarify inform
clarify interact
clarify change
clarinet artifact
clarinet device
clarinet entity
clarinet instrumentality
clarinet object
clarinet whole
clarity abstraction
clarity attribute
clarity comprehensibility
clarity entity
clarity quality
clash abstraction
clash attribute
clash conflict
clash entity
clash state
clash abstraction
clash attribute
clash conflict
clash entity
clash state
clash conflict
clash contrast
clash differ
clash disagree
clasp artifact
clasp device
clasp entity
clasp fastener
clasp instrumentality
clasp object
clasp restraint
clasp whole
clasp abstraction
clasp act
clasp activity
clasp control
clasp entity
clasp event
clasp grasping
clasp grasp
clasp hold
clasp seize
clasp take
class abstraction
class collection
class entity
class group
class abstraction
class entity
class gathering
class group
class abstraction
class entity
class group
class people
class abstraction
class association
class entity
class group
class league
class organization
class abstraction
class entity
class gathering
class group
class abstraction
class entity
class group
class abstraction
class attribute
class elegance
class entity
class quality
classic artifact
classic creation
classic entity
classic object
classic whole
classic artist
classic creator
classic entity
classic object
classic organism
classic person
classic whole
classics abstraction
classics cognition
classics content
classics discipline
classics entity
classification abstraction
classification arrangement
classification entity
classification group
classification abstraction
classification cognition
classification entity
classification process
classification abstraction
classification act
classification activity
classification control
classification entity
classification event
classification restraint
classification restriction
classify categorize
classify reason
classify think
classify control
classify forget
classify inhibit
classify restrain
classify restrict
classify suppress
classroom area
classroom artifact
classroom entity
classroom object
classroom room
classroom structure
classroom whole
clause abstraction
clause arrangement
clause communication
clause constituent
clause construction
clause entity
clause group
clause language
clause sequence
clause series
clause string
clavicle bone
clavicle entity
clavicle part
clavicle thing
clavicle tissue
claw entity
claw part
claw structure
claw thing
claw entity
claw extremity
claw part
claw thing
claw entity
claw extremity
claw part
claw thing
claw make
claw pass
claw travel
claw seize
claw take
claw cut
claw move
claw scratch
claw separate
claw attack
claw comment
claw express
claw knock
claw note
claw state
clay abstraction
clay earth
clay entity
clay material
clay matter
clay part
clay relation
clay soil
clay substance
clean change
clean remove
clean be
clean deprive
clean take
clean remove
cleaner businessperson
cleaner capitalist
cleaner entity
cleaner merchant
cleaner object
cleaner organism
cleaner person
cleaner whole
cleaner employee
cleaner entity
cleaner laborer
cleaner object
cleaner organism
cleaner person
cleaner whole
cleaner worker
cleaner workman
cleaning abstraction
cleaning act
cleaning action
cleaning change
cleaning entity
cleaning event
cleaning improvement
cleanliness abstraction
cleanliness act
cleanliness activity
cleanliness continuance
cleanliness custom
cleanliness entity
cleanliness event
cleanliness habit
cleanliness practice
cleanliness survival
cleanliness abstraction
cleanliness attribute
cleanliness entity
cleanliness trait
cleanness abstraction
cleanness attribute
cleanness condition
cleanness entity
cleanness state
cleanness abstraction
cleanness attribute
cleanness condition
cleanness entity
cleanness purity
cleanness state
cleanse better
cleanse change
cleanse groom
cleanse rid
cleanup abstraction
cleanup act
cleanup activity
cleanup entity
cleanup event
cleanup position
cleanup role
clear abstraction
clear attribute
clear condition
clear entity
clear innocence
clear state
clear make
clear remove
clear end
clear vanish
clear advance
clear pass
clear travel
clear act
clear clarify
clear communicate
clear explain
clear inform
clear interact
clear free
clear rid
clear exchange
clear sell
clear transfer
clear pass
clear succeed
clear agree
clear conclude
clear settle
clear change
clear empty
clear change
clear empty
clear remove
clearance abstraction
clearance distance
clearance entity
clearance interval
clearance placement
clearance position
clearance relation
clearance spacing
clearance abstraction
clearance act
clearance authorization
clearance entity
clearance event
clearance license
clearance management
clearing entity
clearing location
clearing object
clearing region
clearing tract
clearing abstraction
clearing accomplishment
clearing act
clearing action
clearing entity
clearing event
clearing liberation
clearing abstraction
clearing act
clearing action
clearing change
clearing entity
clearing event
clearing improvement
clearness abstraction
clearness attribute
clearness entity
clearness quality
cleavage abstraction
cleavage attribute
cleavage entity
cleavage state
cleavage entity
cleavage process
cleavage entity
cleavage process
cleavage area
cleavage entity
cleavage part
cleavage thing
cleavage abstraction
cleavage act
cleavage action
cleavage change
cleavage division
cleavage entity
cleavage event
cleavage separation
cleave move
cleave separate
cleave tear
cleave make
cleaver artifact
cleaver cutter
cleaver entity
cleaver implement
cleaver instrumentality
cleaver knife
cleaver object
cleaver tool
cleaver whole
cleft abstraction
cleft attribute
cleft entity
cleft indentation
cleft shape
cleft solid
clergy abstraction
clergy body
clergy entity
clergy group
clergy priesthood
clergy profession
clergyman entity
clergyman leader
clergyman object
clergyman organism
clergyman person
clergyman whole
cleric clergyman
cleric entity
cleric leader
cleric object
cleric organism
cleric person
cleric whole
clerk employee
clerk entity
clerk object
clerk organism
clerk person
clerk whole
clerk worker
clerk work
click abstraction
click act
click depression
click entity
click event
click propulsion
click push
click sound
click pronounce
client case
client entity
client object
client organism
client person
client whole
cliff entity
cliff object
cliffhanger abstraction
cliffhanger contest
cliffhanger entity
cliffhanger event
cliffhanger abstraction
cliffhanger broadcast
cliffhanger entity
cliffhanger episode
cliffhanger event
cliffhanger show
climate abstraction
climate attribute
climate condition
climate entity
climate state
climate abstraction
climate attribute
climate condition
climate entity
climate state
climatology abstraction
climatology cognition
climatology content
climatology discipline
climatology entity
climatology meteorology
climatology science
climax abstraction
climax entity
climax event
climax happening
climax juncture
climax abstraction
climax entity
climax measure
climax moment
climax point
climax abstraction
climax attribute
climax degree
climax entity
climax state
climax abstraction
climax communication
climax device
climax entity
climb abstraction
climb entity
climb event
climb happening
climb movement
climb rise
climb abstraction
climb act
climb action
climb change
climb entity
climb event
climb motion
climb rise
climb travel
climb move
climb bend
climb change
climb lean
climb slope
climb change
climb develop
climb grow
climb increase
climb progress
climber entity
climber object
climber organism
climber plant
climber vine
climber whole
climber athlete
climber contestant
climber entity
climber object
climber organism
climber person
climber whole
clincher abstraction
clincher argument
clincher communication
clincher entity
clincher evidence
clincher indication
clincher abstraction
clincher cognition
clincher entity
clincher artifact
clincher entity
clincher implement
clincher instrumentality
clincher object
clincher tool
clincher whole
cling entity
cling food
cling fruit
cling matter
cling object
cling produce
cling solid
cling whole
cling touch
cling grasp
cling hold
clinic abstraction
clinic entity
clinic group
clinic institution
clinic organization
clinic abstraction
clinic communication
clinic conference
clinic discussion
clinic entity
clinic session
clinic speech
clinic artifact
clinic building
clinic entity
clinic object
clinic structure
clinic whole
clip artifact
clip device
clip entity
clip fastener
clip instrumentality
clip object
clip restraint
clip whole
clip adornment
clip artifact
clip decoration
clip entity
clip jewelry
clip object
clip whole
clip abstraction
clip act
clip action
clip change
clip cut
clip decrease
clip entity
clip event
clip shortening
clip abstraction
clip act
clip action
clip blow
clip change
clip entity
clip event
clip motion
clip stroke
clip attach
clip connect
clip change
clip decrease
clip reduce
clip shorten
clipper artifact
clipper conveyance
clipper craft
clipper entity
clipper instrumentality
clipper object
clipper vehicle
clipper vessel
clipper whole
clipper artifact
clipper bar
clipper cutter
clipper entity
clipper implement
clipper instrumentality
clipper lever
clipper object
clipper scissors
clipper tool
clipper whole
clipper artifact
clipper bar
clipper cutter
clipper entity
clipper implement
clipper instrumentality
clipper lever
clipper object
clipper scissors
clipper tool
clipper whole
clipping abstraction
clipping communication
clipping entity
clipping excerpt
clipping music
clipping passage
clipping section
clipping writing
clique abstraction
clique entity
clique group
clique set
clitoris entity
clitoris organ
clitoris part
clitoris thing
cloak artifact
cloak covering
cloak entity
cloak object
cloak whole
cloak artifact
cloak clothing
cloak commodity
cloak covering
cloak entity
cloak garment
cloak object
cloak whole
cloak cover
clock artifact
clock device
clock entity
clock instrumentality
clock instrument
clock object
clock whole
clock act
clock carry
clock communicate
clock interact
clockwork artifact
clockwork device
clockwork entity
clockwork instrumentality
clockwork mechanism
clockwork object
clockwork whole
clog artifact
clog covering
clog entity
clog footwear
clog object
clog whole
clog artifact
clog entity
clog hindrance
clog object
clog obstruction
clog structure
clog whole
clog impede
clog obstruct
clog prevent
clog dance
clog move
clog control
clog forget
clog inhibit
clog restrain
clog restrict
clog suppress
clog change
clog decrease
clog slow
clog change
clog integrate
clog unify
clog change
clog fill
clone entity
clone object
clone organism
clone whole
clone copy
clone make
cloning abstraction
cloning act
cloning activity
cloning entity
cloning event
cloning investigation
cloning research
cloning work
close change
close end
close change
close end
close be
close sell
close trade
close act
close prosecute
close be
close end
close move
close approach
close come
close travel
close connect
close join
close barricade
close impede
close obstruct
close prevent
close better
close change
close fill
close repair
close change
close complete
close end
closeness abstraction
closeness attribute
closeness belonging
closeness entity
closeness feeling
closeness happiness
closeness state
closeness abstraction
closeness attribute
closeness disposition
closeness entity
closeness nature
closeness trait
closer entity
closer object
closer organism
closer person
closer whole
closer athlete
closer contestant
closer entity
closer object
closer organism
closer person
closer pitcher
closer player
closer thrower
closer whole
closet area
closet artifact
closet entity
closet object
closet room
closet structure
closet whole
closet confine
closet forget
closet inhibit
closet restrain
closet suppress
closure abstraction
closure communication
closure direction
closure entity
closure message
closure order
closure rule
closure abstraction
closure cognition
closure concept
closure content
closure entity
closure idea
closure law
closure principle
closure abstraction
closure act
closure action
closure change
closure entity
closure event
closure termination
closure change
closure end
clot abstraction
clot ball
clot collection
clot entity
clot group
clot change
clothe cover
clothe touch
clothespin artifact
clothespin device
clothespin entity
clothespin fastener
clothespin instrumentality
clothespin object
clothespin restraint
clothespin whole
clothing artifact
clothing commodity
clothing covering
clothing entity
clothing object
clothing whole
cloud entity
cloud phenomenon
cloud process
cloud entity
cloud phenomenon
cloud process
cloud abstraction
cloud attribute
cloud entity
cloud nonexistence
cloud state
cloud unreality
cloud abstraction
cloud atmosphere
cloud attribute
cloud condition
cloud entity
cloud gloom
cloud state
cloud abstraction
cloud attribute
cloud entity
cloud hostility
cloud state
cloud suspicion
cloud rise
cloud soar
cloud travel
cloud affect
cloud change
cloud decrease
cloud dull
cloud weaken
cloudiness entity
cloudiness phenomenon
cloudiness process
cloudiness weather
cloudiness abstraction
cloudiness attribute
cloudiness dark
cloudiness entity
cloudiness illumination
cloudiness state
cloudiness abstraction
cloudiness attribute
cloudiness entity
cloudiness opacity
cloudiness quality
clove bud
clove entity
clove object
clove sprout
clove whole
clove entity
clove object
clove organism
clove plant
clove tree
clove whole
clove entity
clove food
clove foodstuff
clove garlic
clove ingredient
clove matter
clove substance
clove entity
clove food
clove foodstuff
clove ingredient
clove matter
clove spice
clove substance
clover entity
clover herb
clover object
clover organism
clover plant
clover whole
clown entity
clown fool
clown object
clown organism
clown person
clown simpleton
clown whole
clown comedian
clown entertainer
clown entity
clown object
clown organism
clown performer
clown person
clown whole
clown act
clown joke
club abstraction
club association
club entity
club group
club organization
club artifact
club entity
club implement
club instrumentality
club object
club stick
club whole
club abstraction
club card
club entity
club material
club matter
club paper
club part
club relation
club substance
club join
club unite
club act
club interact
club meet
club hit
club touch
club gather
clue abstraction
clue communication
clue entity
clue evidence
clue indication
clue move
clue wind
clump travel
clump walk
cluster act
cluster interact
cluster meet
clutch abstraction
clutch attribute
clutch entity
clutch state
clutch abstraction
clutch brood
clutch entity
clutch group
clutch artifact
clutch bar
clutch entity
clutch implement
clutch instrumentality
clutch lever
clutch object
clutch pedal
clutch whole
clutch artifact
clutch coupling
clutch device
clutch entity
clutch instrumentality
clutch mechanism
clutch object
clutch whole
clutter abstraction
clutter attribute
clutter condition
clutter disorderliness
clutter entity
clutter state
clutter abstraction
clutter communication
clutter entity
clutter event
clutter happening
clutter noise
clutter signal
clutter trouble
clutter change
clutter fill
coach entity
coach leader
coach object
coach organism
coach person
coach trainer
coach whole
coach adult
coach educator
coach entity
coach object
coach organism
coach person
coach professional
coach teacher
coach whole
coach artifact
coach carriage
coach container
coach conveyance
coach entity
coach instrumentality
coach object
coach vehicle
coach whole
coach act
coach communicate
coach inform
coach interact
coach teach
coach drive
coach handle
coach manipulate
coach operate
coach touch
coaching abstraction
coaching act
coaching activity
coaching employment
coaching entity
coaching event
coaching occupation
coachman driver
coachman entity
coachman object
coachman organism
coachman person
coachman whole
coachman worker
coal entity
coal fuel
coal matter
coal substance
coal give
coal supply
coal transfer
coal change
coalition abstraction
coalition attribute
coalition entity
coalition state
coalition union
coarseness abstraction
coarseness attribute
coarseness entity
coarseness property
coarseness roughness
coarseness texture
coarseness abstraction
coarseness attribute
coarseness entity
coarseness property
coarseness roughness
coarseness texture
coarseness abstraction
coarseness attribute
coarseness entity
coarseness quality
coast entity
coast object
coast slope
coast abstraction
coast cognition
coast content
coast entity
coast representation
coast view
coast glide
coast travel
coaster entity
coaster inhabitant
coaster object
coaster organism
coaster person
coaster resident
coaster whole
coaster entity
coaster mover
coaster object
coaster organism
coaster person
coaster traveler
coaster whole
coaster artifact
coaster covering
coaster entity
coaster object
coaster whole
coastguard abstraction
coastguard entity
coastguard force
coastguard group
coastguard organization
coastline boundary
coastline entity
coastline extremity
coastline location
coastline object
coastline outline
coastline region
coat artifact
coat clothing
coat commodity
coat covering
coat entity
coat garment
coat object
coat whole
coat covering
coat entity
coat hair
coat object
coat whole
coat cover
coat change
coat dress
coat cover
coat touch
coating artifact
coating covering
coating entity
coating object
coating whole
coating abstraction
coating appearance
coating attribute
coating entity
coating quality
coating artifact
coating entity
coating fabric
coating object
coating whole
cob animal
cob entity
cob horse
cob mammal
cob object
cob organism
cob vertebrate
cob whole
cob animal
cob bird
cob entity
cob object
cob organism
cob swan
cob vertebrate
cob whole
cobalt abstraction
cobalt entity
cobalt matter
cobalt part
cobalt relation
cobalt substance
cobra animal
cobra entity
cobra object
cobra organism
cobra reptile
cobra snake
cobra vertebrate
cobra whole
cobweb artifact
cobweb entity
cobweb fabric
cobweb object
cobweb whole
cobweb abstraction
cobweb entity
cobweb fiber
cobweb material
cobweb matter
cobweb part
cobweb relation
cobweb substance
cobweb entity
cobweb object
cobweb web
cocaine agent
cocaine drug
cocaine entity
cocaine matter
cocaine narcotic
cocaine substance
cock entity
cock organ
cock part
cock penis
cock thing
cock animal
cock bird
cock chicken
cock entity
cock object
cock organism
cock vertebrate
cock whole
cock animal
cock bird
cock entity
cock object
cock organism
cock vertebrate
cock whole
cock cant
cock move
cock put
cockatoo animal
cockatoo bird
cockatoo entity
cockatoo object
cockatoo organism
cockatoo parrot
cockatoo vertebrate
cockatoo whole
cockfight abstraction
cockfight contest
cockfight entity
cockfight event
cockfight match
cockpit area
cockpit artifact
cockpit compartment
cockpit entity
cockpit object
cockpit room
cockpit structure
cockpit whole
cockpit area
cockpit artifact
cockpit enclosure
cockpit entity
cockpit object
cockpit pit
cockpit structure
cockpit whole
cockpit artifact
cockpit device
cockpit entity
cockpit instrumentality
cockpit object
cockpit seat
cockpit support
cockpit whole
cockroach animal
cockroach entity
cockroach insect
cockroach invertebrate
cockroach object
cockroach organism
cockroach whole
cocktail abstraction
cocktail agent
cocktail alcohol
cocktail beverage
cocktail drug
cocktail entity
cocktail fluid
cocktail food
cocktail liquid
cocktail matter
cocktail part
cocktail relation
cocktail substance
cocktail course
cocktail entity
cocktail food
cocktail matter
cocktail substance
cocoa abstraction
cocoa beverage
cocoa entity
cocoa fluid
cocoa food
cocoa liquid
cocoa matter
cocoa part
cocoa relation
cocoa substance
cocoa entity
cocoa food
cocoa foodstuff
cocoa matter
cocoa substance
coconut entity
coconut food
coconut matter
coconut solid
coconut entity
coconut fruit
coconut nut
coconut object
coconut seed
coconut whole
coconut entity
coconut object
coconut organism
coconut palm
coconut plant
coconut tree
coconut whole
cocoon entity
cocoon object
cocoon whole
cocoon retreat
cocoon travel
cocoon cover
cocoon envelop
cod entity
cod food
cod matter
cod seafood
cod solid
cod animal
cod entity
cod fish
cod object
cod organism
cod vertebrate
cod whole
code abstraction
code communication
code entity
code abstraction
code communication
code entity
code writing
code abstraction
code communication
code entity
code writing
code attach
code connect
code tag
code change
code convert
code encode
codex abstraction
codex communication
codex database
codex entity
codex information
codex list
codex message
codex abstraction
codex autograph
codex communication
codex entity
codex manuscript
codex writing
coefficient abstraction
coefficient constant
coefficient entity
coefficient measure
coefficient number
coercion abstraction
coercion act
coercion enforcement
coercion entity
coercion event
coexist coexist
coexist exist
coexistence abstraction
coexistence attribute
coexistence being
coexistence entity
coexistence state
coffee abstraction
coffee beverage
coffee entity
coffee fluid
coffee food
coffee liquid
coffee matter
coffee part
coffee relation
coffee substance
coffee entity
coffee object
coffee organism
coffee plant
coffee tree
coffee whole
coffin artifact
coffin box
coffin container
coffin entity
coffin instrumentality
coffin object
coffin whole
coffin move
coffin put
cog assistant
cog entity
cog object
cog organism
cog person
cog subordinate
cog whole
cog worker
cog artifact
cog entity
cog object
cog projection
cog structure
cog tooth
cog whole
cog change
cog flatten
cog shape
cog connect
cog join
cognac abstraction
cognac agent
cognac alcohol
cognac beverage
cognac brandy
cognac drug
cognac entity
cognac fluid
cognac food
cognac liquid
cognac liquor
cognac matter
cognac part
cognac relation
cognac substance
cognition abstraction
cognition entity
cohabitation abstraction
cohabitation act
cohabitation entity
cohabitation event
cohabitation occupancy
cohabitation residency
coherence abstraction
coherence attribute
coherence connection
coherence entity
coherence state
coherence union
coherence abstraction
coherence attribute
coherence comprehensibility
coherence entity
coherence quality
cohesion entity
cohesion growth
cohesion process
cohesion entity
cohesion force
cohesion phenomenon
cohesion process
cohort abstraction
cohort company
cohort entity
cohort gathering
cohort group
cohort abstraction
cohort entity
cohort group
cohort set
coil artifact
coil entity
coil object
coil structure
coil whole
coil abstraction
coil attribute
coil entity
coil shape
coil artifact
coil device
coil entity
coil instrumentality
coil object
coil transformer
coil whole
coil artifact
coil contraceptive
coil device
coil entity
coil instrumentality
coil object
coil whole
coil artifact
coil conduit
coil entity
coil object
coil passage
coil tube
coil way
coil whole
coil artifact
coil device
coil entity
coil instrumentality
coil object
coil reactor
coil whole
coil move
coil wind
coin abstraction
coin coinage
coin currency
coin entity
coin measure
coin standard
coin make
coinage abstraction
coinage currency
coinage entity
coinage measure
coinage standard
coincide coexist
coincide exist
coincide equal
coincide match
coincidence abstraction
coincidence accident
coincidence entity
coincidence event
coincidence happening
coincidence abstraction
coincidence entity
coincidence position
coincidence relation
coke entity
coke fuel
coke matter
coke substance
coke agent
coke cocaine
coke drug
coke entity
coke matter
coke narcotic
coke substance
coke change
cola abstraction
cola entity
cola genus
cola group
cola abstraction
cola beverage
cola entity
cola fluid
cola food
cola liquid
cola matter
cola part
cola relation
cola substance
colander artifact
colander device
colander entity
colander filter
colander instrumentality
colander object
colander strainer
colander whole
cold abstraction
cold attribute
cold condition
cold disease
cold entity
cold illness
cold state
cold abstraction
cold cognition
cold entity
cold perception
cold process
cold temperature
coldness abstraction
coldness attribute
coldness entity
coldness trait
coldness abstraction
coldness agent
coldness attribute
coldness entity
coldness measure
coldness property
coldness temperature
colic abstraction
colic cognition
colic entity
colic evidence
colic information
colic pain
colic symptom
collaborate work
collaborate collaborate
collaborate work
collaboration abstraction
collaboration act
collaboration cooperation
collaboration entity
collaboration event
collaboration abstraction
collaboration act
collaboration cooperation
collaboration entity
collaboration event
collaborator criminal
collaborator entity
collaborator object
collaborator organism
collaborator person
collaborator principal
collaborator traitor
collaborator whole
collaborator associate
collaborator entity
collaborator object
collaborator organism
collaborator peer
collaborator person
collaborator whole
collage artifact
collage composition
collage creation
collage entity
collage object
collage picture
collage representation
collage whole
collage abstraction
collage collection
collage entity
collage group
collapse abstraction
collapse attribute
collapse condition
collapse entity
collapse illness
collapse state
collapse abstraction
collapse entity
collapse event
collapse happening
collapse change
collapse fold
collapse change
collapse decrease
collapse weaken
collar artifact
collar band
collar entity
collar object
collar strip
collar whole
collar artifact
collar band
collar decoration
collar design
collar entity
collar marking
collar object
collar stripe
collar whole
collar artifact
collar clothing
collar commodity
collar covering
collar entity
collar object
collar whole
collar artifact
collar band
collar entity
collar hoop
collar object
collar strip
collar whole
collar artifact
collar brim
collar edge
collar entity
collar object
collar side
collar surface
collar whole
collar artifact
collar band
collar entity
collar object
collar strip
collar whole
collar abstraction
collar act
collar activity
collar control
collar entity
collar event
collar restraint
collar seize
collar take
collar seize
collar take
collar equip
collar give
collar supply
collar transfer
collateral abstraction
collateral assets
collateral entity
collateral interest
collateral possession
collateral relation
collateral share
colleague associate
colleague entity
colleague object
colleague organism
colleague peer
colleague person
colleague whole
colleague associate
colleague entity
colleague object
colleague organism
colleague peer
colleague person
colleague whole
collect abstraction
collect act
collect entity
collect event
collect prayer
collect request
collect take
collect have
collect keep
collect store
collect get
collectible entity
collectible object
collection abstraction
collection entity
collection group
collection artifact
collection creation
collection entity
collection object
collection product
collection publication
collection whole
collection work
collection abstraction
collection act
collection activity
collection entity
collection event
collection grouping
collective abstraction
collective enterprise
collective entity
collective group
collective organization
collectivism abstraction
collectivism attitude
collectivism cognition
collectivism entity
collectivism orientation
collector entity
collector object
collector organism
collector person
collector whole
collector entity
collector object
collector organism
collector person
collector whole
collector worker
collector crater
collector entity
collector object
collector artifact
collector conductor
collector device
collector electrode
collector entity
collector instrumentality
collector object
collector whole
college abstraction
college body
college entity
college group
college abstraction
college entity
college group
college institution
college organization
college artifact
college entity
college object
college structure
college whole
collide hit
collide touch
collision abstraction
collision contact
collision entity
collision event
collision happening
collision abstraction
collision accident
collision entity
collision event
collision happening
collision misfortune
collision mishap
collision trouble
collision abstraction
collision act
collision disagreement
collision dispute
collision entity
collision event
cologne artifact
cologne entity
cologne instrumentality
cologne object
cologne perfume
cologne whole
colon entity
colon intestine
colon organ
colon part
colon thing
colon abstraction
colon entity
colon measure
colon abstraction
colon entity
colon measure
colon abstraction
colon communication
colon entity
colon mark
colon punctuation
colon signal
colon symbol
colonel entity
colonel object
colonel organism
colonel person
colonel serviceman
colonel whole
colonel worker
colonial entity
colonial inhabitant
colonial object
colonial organism
colonial person
colonial resident
colonial whole
colonialism abstraction
colonialism act
colonialism activity
colonialism entity
colonialism event
colonialism exploitation
colonialism practice
colonialist advocate
colonialist believer
colonialist entity
colonialist object
colonialist organism
colonialist person
colonialist supporter
colonialist whole
colonization abstraction
colonization act
colonization action
colonization beginning
colonization change
colonization constitution
colonization entity
colonization event
colonize annex
colonize assume
colonize take
colonize settle
colony abstraction
colony body
colony entity
colony group
colony abstraction
colony entity
colony group
colony entity
colony location
colony object
colony region
colony entity
colony location
colony object
colony place
colony region
colony entity
colony location
colony object
colony region
colony abstraction
colony entity
colony group
color abstraction
color attribute
color entity
color property
color abstraction
color attribute
color entity
color interest
color power
color quality
color abstraction
color attribute
color entity
color property
color abstraction
color entity
color group
color race
color abstraction
color category
color cognition
color concept
color content
color entity
color idea
color kind
color abstraction
color appearance
color attribute
color entity
color quality
color change
color affect
color change
color influence
color change
color decorate
color apologize
color argue
color defend
color express
color present
color state
coloration abstraction
coloration attribute
coloration color
coloration entity
coloration property
coloration abstraction
coloration act
coloration action
coloration choice
coloration entity
coloration event
coloring entity
coloring food
coloring foodstuff
coloring matter
coloring substance
coloring abstraction
coloring act
coloring action
coloring change
coloring entity
coloring event
colors artifact
colors decoration
colors design
colors emblem
colors entity
colors flag
colors object
colors whole
colors artifact
colors decoration
colors design
colors emblem
colors entity
colors object
colors whole
colt animal
colt entity
colt foal
colt male
colt object
colt organism
colt whole
colt young
colt artifact
colt device
colt entity
colt gun
colt instrumentality
colt instrument
colt object
colt pistol
colt revolver
colt weapon
colt whole
columbine entity
columbine flower
columbine object
columbine organism
columbine plant
columbine whole
column abstraction
column arrangement
column entity
column file
column formation
column group
column line
column artifact
column conduit
column entity
column object
column passage
column tube
column way
column whole
column abstraction
column arrangement
column array
column entity
column group
column abstraction
column attribute
column entity
column shape
column abstraction
column article
column artifact
column communication
column creation
column entity
column nonfiction
column object
column piece
column whole
column artifact
column entity
column object
column structure
column whole
column artifact
column device
column entity
column instrumentality
column object
column support
column upright
column whole
column abstraction
column communication
column entity
column matter
column text
column writing
column entity
column part
column structure
column thing
columnist entity
columnist journalist
columnist object
columnist organism
columnist person
columnist whole
columnist writer
coma abstraction
coma attribute
coma condition
coma entity
coma state
coma abstraction
coma bunch
coma collection
coma entity
coma group
coma tuft
coma cloud
coma entity
coma phenomenon
coma process
comb artifact
comb device
comb entity
comb instrumentality
comb object
comb whole
comb crest
comb entity
comb part
comb process
comb thing
comb artifact
comb entity
comb implement
comb instrumentality
comb object
comb tool
comb whole
comb entity
comb part
comb plate
comb structure
comb thing
comb abstraction
comb act
comb activity
comb care
comb entity
comb event
comb work
comb change
comb straighten
comb examine
comb search
comb better
comb change
comb groom
combat abstraction
combat act
combat battle
combat entity
combat event
combatant entity
combatant object
combatant organism
combatant person
combatant whole
combination abstraction
combination collection
combination entity
combination group
combination abstraction
combination arrangement
combination entity
combination group
combination sequence
combination series
combination abstraction
combination arrangement
combination entity
combination group
combination sequence
combination series
combination abstraction
combination entity
combination group
combination organization
combination unit
combination abstraction
combination alliance
combination entity
combination group
combination organization
combination abstraction
combination act
combination activity
combination calculation
combination entity
combination event
combination procedure
combination abstraction
combination act
combination action
combination change
combination entity
combination event
combine artifact
combine device
combine entity
combine harvester
combine instrumentality
combine machine
combine object
combine whole
combine contribute
combine give
combine transfer
combine act
combine interact
combining abstraction
combining entity
combining event
combining happening
combining union
combustible entity
combustible fuel
combustible matter
combustible substance
combustion entity
combustion oxidation
combustion process
combustion abstraction
combustion attribute
combustion disorder
combustion disturbance
combustion entity
combustion state
come travel
come happen
come change
come become
come originate
come exist
come be
come run
come be
come travel
come be
come prove
come result
come become
come change
come transform
come arrive
come change
come experience
come undergo
come be
come rank
comeback abstraction
comeback act
comeback action
comeback appearance
comeback arrival
comeback entity
comeback event
comedian entertainer
comedian entity
comedian object
comedian organism
comedian performer
comedian person
comedian whole
comedian actor
comedian entertainer
comedian entity
comedian object
comedian organism
comedian performer
comedian person
comedian whole
comedienne actor
comedienne comedian
comedienne entertainer
comedienne entity
comedienne object
comedienne organism
comedienne performer
comedienne person
comedienne whole
comedienne comedian
comedienne entertainer
comedienne entity
comedienne object
comedienne organism
comedienne performer
comedienne person
comedienne whole
comedy abstraction
comedy communication
comedy drama
comedy entity
comet entity
comet object
comet whole
comfort abstraction
comfort attribute
comfort condition
comfort entity
comfort state
comfort abstraction
comfort attribute
comfort entity
comfort feeling
comfort pleasure
comfort state
comfort abstraction
comfort attribute
comfort emotion
comfort entity
comfort feeling
comfort gratification
comfort state
comfort abstraction
comfort act
comfort activity
comfort aid
comfort entity
comfort event
comfort better
comfort change
comfort relieve
comforter artifact
comforter device
comforter entity
comforter instrumentality
comforter object
comforter whole
comma abstraction
comma communication
comma entity
comma mark
comma punctuation
comma signal
comma symbol
comma animal
comma butterfly
comma entity
comma insect
comma invertebrate
comma object
comma organism
comma whole
command abstraction
command act
command entity
command event
command abstraction
command entity
command group
command organization
command unit
command abstraction
command attribute
command authority
command control
command entity
command power
command quality
command abstraction
command attribute
command convenience
command entity
command handiness
command quality
command suitability
command abstraction
command attribute
command entity
command state
command status
command abstraction
command attribute
command entity
command skillfulness
command state
command control
command dominate
command ask
command communicate
command convey
command move
command order
command request
command transfer
command claim
command communicate
command convey
command demand
command move
command request
command transfer
commander entity
commander leader
commander object
commander organism
commander person
commander whole
commander entity
commander object
commander organism
commander person
commander serviceman
commander whole
commander worker
commandment abstraction
commandment act
commandment command
commandment entity
commandment event
commando entity
commando object
commando organism
commando person
commando serviceman
commando whole
commando worker
commando abstraction
commando entity
commando group
commando organization
commando unit
commemorate observe
commemorate remind
commemoration abstraction
commemoration affair
commemoration ceremony
commemoration entity
commemoration event
commemorative entity
commemorative object
commencement abstraction
commencement affair
commencement ceremony
commencement entity
commencement event
commencement exercise
commend evaluate
commend measure
commend praise
commend think
commend make
commend portray
commend represent
commend entrust
commend pass
commend transfer
commend evaluate
commend measure
commend praise
commend think
commend associate
commend mention
commend think
comment abstraction
comment communication
comment entity
comment message
comment statement
comment express
comment note
comment state
comment act
comment communicate
comment explain
comment inform
comment interact
commerce abstraction
commerce act
commerce entity
commerce event
commerce transaction
commerce abstraction
commerce communication
commerce conversation
commerce entity
commerce speech
commercial abstraction
commercial ad
commercial communication
commercial entity
commercial message
commercial promotion
commercialization abstraction
commercialization act
commercialization activity
commercialization entity
commercialization event
commercialization exploitation
commercialization use
commercialize exploit
commercialize use
commercialize change
commiserate feel
commiserate suffer
commissary artifact
commissary entity
commissary establishment
commissary object
commissary shop
commissary structure
commissary whole
commissary artifact
commissary bar
commissary counter
commissary entity
commissary furnishing
commissary furniture
commissary instrumentality
commissary object
commissary table
commissary whole
commission abstraction
commission charge
commission cost
commission entity
commission fee
commission possession
commission relation
commission abstraction
commission act
commission authorization
commission entity
commission event
commission management
commission abstraction
commission action
commission attribute
commission entity
commission operation
commission state
commission abstraction
commission act
commission command
commission entity
commission event
commission abstraction
commission certificate
commission communication
commission document
commission entity
commission writing
commission equip
commission give
commission supply
commission transfer
commission communicate
commission convey
commission move
commission order
commission request
commission transfer
commission accept
commission act
commission authorize
commission permit
commission react
commissioner administrator
commissioner entity
commissioner head
commissioner leader
commissioner object
commissioner organism
commissioner person
commissioner whole
commissioner associate
commissioner entity
commissioner member
commissioner object
commissioner organism
commissioner peer
commissioner person
commissioner whole
commit move
commit transfer
commit act
commit prosecute
commitment abstraction
commitment act
commitment cooperation
commitment entity
commitment event
commitment abstraction
commitment act
commitment engagement
commitment entity
commitment event
commitment abstraction
commitment communication
commitment entity
commitment message
commitment abstraction
commitment act
commitment activity
commitment confinement
commitment control
commitment entity
commitment event
commitment restraint
committee abstraction
committee entity
committee group
committee organization
committee unit
committee abstraction
committee entity
committee group
committee organization
committeeman associate
committeeman entity
committeeman member
committeeman object
committeeman organism
committeeman peer
committeeman person
committeeman whole
commodity artifact
commodity entity
commodity object
commodity whole
commodore entity
commodore object
commodore organism
commodore person
commodore serviceman
commodore whole
commodore worker
commonality abstraction
commonality attribute
commonality entity
commonality generality
commonality quality
commonalty abstraction
commonalty class
commonalty entity
commonalty group
commonalty people
commoner entity
commoner object
commoner organism
commoner person
commoner whole
commons abstraction
commons community
commons entity
commons grassland
commons group
commons location
commons object
commons pasture
commons region
commons tract
commonwealth district
commonwealth entity
commonwealth location
commonwealth object
commonwealth region
commonwealth state
commonwealth abstraction
commonwealth alliance
commonwealth entity
commonwealth group
commonwealth organization
commotion abstraction
commotion act
commotion action
commotion change
commotion disturbance
commotion entity
commotion event
commotion motion
commune district
commune entity
commune location
commune object
commune region
commune abstraction
commune entity
commune gathering
commune group
commune act
commune communicate
commune interact
commune covenant
commune declare
commune express
commune pledge
commune promise
commune state
communicate convey
communicate move
communicate transfer
communicate act
communicate interact
communicate connect
communicate act
communicate interact
communicate covenant
communicate declare
communicate express
communicate pledge
communicate promise
communicate state
communication abstraction
communication act
communication entity
communication event
communication abstraction
communication entity
communication abstraction
communication connection
communication entity
communication relation
communion abstraction
communion act
communion activity
communion entity
communion event
communion practice
communion ritual
communion abstraction
communion act
communion communication
communion entity
communion event
communion intercourse
communion abstraction
communion denomination
communion entity
communion group
communion organization
communism abstraction
communism economy
communism entity
communism group
communism socialism
communism system
communism abstraction
communism attitude
communism cognition
communism entity
communism orientation
communist entity
communist leader
communist object
communist organism
communist person
communist politician
communist whole
communist entity
communist leader
communist object
communist organism
communist person
communist politician
communist socialist
communist whole
community abstraction
community entity
community gathering
community group
community abstraction
community entity
community ownership
community relation
community abstraction
community alliance
community entity
community group
community organization
community abstraction
community agreement
community attribute
community entity
community harmony
community order
community state
community abstraction
community entity
community group
commute abstraction
commute act
commute action
commute change
commute entity
commute event
commute journey
commute motion
commute travel
commute change
commute travel
commute change
commuter artifact
commuter conveyance
commuter entity
commuter instrumentality
commuter object
commuter train
commuter whole
commuter entity
commuter object
commuter organism
commuter passenger
commuter person
commuter traveler
commuter whole
compact artifact
compact case
compact container
compact entity
compact instrumentality
compact object
compact whole
compact artifact
compact car
compact container
compact conveyance
compact entity
compact instrumentality
compact object
compact vehicle
compact whole
compact be
compactness abstraction
compactness attribute
compactness consistency
compactness entity
compactness property
compactness solidity
companion entity
companion friend
companion object
companion organism
companion person
companion whole
companion entity
companion object
companion organism
companion person
companion traveler
companion whole
companion assistant
companion attendant
companion entity
companion object
companion organism
companion person
companion whole
companion worker
company abstraction
company entity
company group
company institution
company organization
company abstraction
company entity
company group
company organization
company unit
company abstraction
company attribute
company entity
company friendship
company relationship
company state
company abstraction
company entity
company group
company organization
company abstraction
company entity
company gathering
company group
company abstraction
company entity
company group
company organization
company unit
company act
company consort
company interact
comparative abstraction
comparative adjective
comparative adverb
comparative entity
comparative modifier
comparative part
comparative relation
comparative word
compare analyze
compare be
compare study
compare think
compare change
compare modify
comparison abstraction
comparison act
comparison activity
comparison entity
comparison event
comparison examination
comparison investigation
comparison work
comparison abstraction
comparison entity
comparison relation
comparison abstraction
comparison attribute
comparison entity
comparison likeness
comparison quality
comparison sameness
comparison similarity
compartment abstraction
compartment attribute
compartment entity
compartment location
compartment object
compartment shape
compartment space
compartment area
compartment artifact
compartment entity
compartment object
compartment room
compartment structure
compartment whole
compartmentalization abstraction
compartmentalization attribute
compartmentalization condition
compartmentalization dissociation
compartmentalization entity
compartmentalization state
compass artifact
compass device
compass entity
compass instrumentality
compass instrument
compass object
compass whole
compass ability
compass abstraction
compass aptitude
compass capability
compass cognition
compass entity
compass artifact
compass device
compass entity
compass instrumentality
compass instrument
compass object
compass whole
compass achieve
compass succeed
compassion abstraction
compassion attribute
compassion entity
compassion feeling
compassion state
compassion sympathy
compassion abstraction
compassion attribute
compassion entity
compassion quality
compatibility abstraction
compatibility attribute
compatibility entity
compatibility feeling
compatibility state
compatibility sympathy
compatibility abstraction
compatibility attribute
compatibility characteristic
compatibility entity
compatibility quality
compatriot entity
compatriot national
compatriot object
compatriot organism
compatriot person
compatriot whole
compel induce
compel necessitate
compensate adjust
compensate balance
compensate change
compensate match
compensate give
compensate pay
compensate transfer
compensate give
compensate pay
compensate transfer
compensation abstraction
compensation cost
compensation entity
compensation payment
compensation possession
compensation relation
compensation abstraction
compensation cognition
compensation entity
compensation process
competence ability
competence abstraction
competence attribute
competence entity
competence quality
competition abstraction
competition entity
competition relation
competition abstraction
competition act
competition entity
competition event
competitiveness abstraction
competitiveness aggressiveness
competitiveness attribute
competitiveness drive
competitiveness entity
competitiveness trait
compilation artifact
compilation collection
compilation creation
compilation entity
compilation object
compilation product
compilation publication
compilation whole
compilation work
compilation abstraction
compilation act
compilation activity
compilation collection
compilation entity
compilation event
compilation grouping
compile make
compiler entity
compiler object
compiler organism
compiler person
compiler whole
compiler writer
compiler abstraction
compiler code
compiler communication
compiler entity
compiler program
compiler software
compiler writing
complacency abstraction
complacency attribute
complacency contentment
complacency entity
complacency feeling
complacency happiness
complacency satisfaction
complacency state
complain affirm
complain charge
complain claim
complaint abstraction
complaint communication
complaint cry
complaint entity
complaint utterance
complaint abstraction
complaint act
complaint entity
complaint event
complaint objection
complaint abstraction
complaint communication
complaint entity
complaint message
complaint pleading
complaint statement
complement abstraction
complement arrangement
complement communication
complement constituent
complement construction
complement entity
complement group
complement language
complement sequence
complement series
complement string
complement abstraction
complement count
complement entity
complement measure
complement number
complement abstraction
complement entity
complement force
complement group
complement organization
complement adjunct
complement entity
complement thing
complement abstraction
complement activator
complement catalyst
complement chemical
complement compound
complement entity
complement enzyme
complement material
complement matter
complement molecule
complement part
complement protein
complement relation
complement substance
complement thing
complement unit
complement abstraction
complement cognition
complement counterpart
complement entity
complement equivalent
complement adjust
complement balance
complement change
complement match
complete change
complete end
complete change
complete fill
complete compete
complete play
completeness abstraction
completeness attribute
completeness entity
completeness integrity
completeness state
completeness abstraction
completeness attribute
completeness entity
completeness quality
completion abstraction
completion act
completion action
completion change
completion entity
completion event
completion maneuver
completion motion
completion abstraction
completion act
completion action
completion change
completion entity
completion event
completion termination
complex abstraction
complex cognition
complex concept
complex content
complex entity
complex idea
complex whole
complex abstraction
complex chemical
complex compound
complex entity
complex material
complex matter
complex part
complex relation
complex substance
complex abstraction
complex attribute
complex entity
complex feeling
complex state
complexion abstraction
complexion attribute
complexion color
complexion entity
complexion property
complexion abstraction
complexion collection
complexion combination
complexion entity
complexion group
complexion abstraction
complexion attitude
complexion cognition
complexion entity
complexion position
complexion abstraction
complexion appearance
complexion attribute
complexion entity
complexion quality
complexion abstraction
complexion attribute
complexion entity
complexion nature
complexion trait
complexion change
complexion color
complexion tint
complexity abstraction
complexity attribute
complexity entity
complexity quality
complicate change
complicatedness abstraction
complicatedness attribute
complicatedness complexity
complicatedness entity
complicatedness quality
complication abstraction
complication act
complication entity
complication event
complication hindrance
complication abstraction
complication attribute
complication entity
complication situation
complication state
complication abstraction
complication attribute
complication condition
complication disease
complication entity
complication illness
complication state
complication abstraction
complication change
complication development
complication entity
complication event
complication happening
complicity abstraction
complicity attribute
complicity condition
complicity entity
complicity guilt
complicity state
compliment abstraction
compliment approval
compliment communication
compliment entity
compliment message
compliment praise
compliment evaluate
compliment measure
compliment praise
compliment think
compliment act
compliment communicate
compliment greet
compliment interact
comply adjust
comply change
comply obey
component abstraction
component cognition
component concept
component content
component entity
component idea
component part
component entity
component object
component part
compose constitute
compose make
compose calm
compose comfort
composer artist
composer creator
composer entity
composer musician
composer object
composer organism
composer person
composer whole
composite entity
composite flower
composite object
composite organism
composite plant
composite whole
composition abstraction
composition entity
composition placement
composition position
composition relation
composition abstraction
composition entity
composition matter
composition mixture
composition part
composition relation
composition substance
composition abstraction
composition communication
composition entity
composition essay
composition writing
composition artifact
composition creation
composition entity
composition object
composition whole
compost abstraction
compost composition
compost entity
compost matter
compost mixture
compost part
compost relation
compost substance
compost change
compost convert
composure abstraction
composure attribute
composure disposition
composure entity
composure nature
composure trait
compound abstraction
compound cognition
compound concept
compound content
compound entity
compound idea
compound whole
compound abstraction
compound chemical
compound entity
compound material
compound matter
compound part
compound relation
compound substance
compound area
compound artifact
compound enclosure
compound entity
compound object
compound structure
compound whole
compound add
compound change
compound increase
compound account
compound assemble
compound connect
compound join
compound make
compound change
compound mix
comprehensibility abstraction
comprehensibility attribute
comprehensibility entity
comprehensibility quality
comprehension abstraction
comprehension cognition
comprehension entity
comprehension knowing
comprehension process
comprehension understanding
comprehensiveness abstraction
comprehensiveness attribute
comprehensiveness completeness
comprehensiveness entity
comprehensiveness integrity
comprehensiveness state
compress artifact
compress covering
compress dressing
compress entity
compress object
compress whole
compress move
compress wedge
compress change
compress tighten
compression abstraction
compression change
compression decrease
compression entity
compression event
compression happening
compression shrinking
compression abstraction
compression act
compression activity
compression cryptography
compression entity
compression event
compression writing
compression abstraction
compression act
compression entity
compression event
compression press
compression propulsion
compression push
compromise abstraction
compromise act
compromise cooperation
compromise entity
compromise event
compromise abstraction
compromise accommodation
compromise agreement
compromise communication
compromise entity
compromise message
compromise settlement
compromise statement
compromise agree
compromise conclude
compromise settle
compromise affect
compromise change
compromise queer
compulsion abstraction
compulsion entity
compulsion motivation
compulsion abstraction
compulsion entity
compulsion motivation
compulsion abstraction
compulsion act
compulsion causing
compulsion entity
compulsion event
compulsive entity
compulsive object
compulsive organism
compulsive person
compulsive whole
computer artifact
computer device
computer entity
computer instrumentality
computer machine
computer object
computer whole
comrade communist
comrade entity
comrade leader
comrade object
comrade organism
comrade person
comrade politician
comrade socialist
comrade whole
con abstraction
con argument
con communication
con entity
con evidence
con indication
conceive change
concentrate entity
concentrate food
concentrate foodstuff
concentrate matter
concentrate substance
concentrate abstraction
concentrate cognition
concentrate content
concentrate entity
concentrate model
concentrate prototype
concentrate representation
concentrate change
concentrate think
concentrate act
concentrate converge
concentrate interact
concentrate meet
concentration abstraction
concentration attribute
concentration entity
concentration property
concentration abstraction
concentration entity
concentration placement
concentration position
concentration relation
concentration spacing
concentration abstraction
concentration act
concentration action
concentration change
concentration entity
concentration event
concentration increase
concentration strengthening
concentration abstraction
concentration change
concentration entity
concentration event
concentration happening
concentration increase
concentration ability
concentration abstraction
concentration attention
concentration cognition
concentration entity
concentration faculty
concentration abstraction
concentration act
concentration assembly
concentration entity
concentration event
concept abstraction
concept cognition
concept content
concept entity
concept idea
conception entity
conception process
concern abstraction
concern attribute
concern condition
concern curiosity
concern entity
concern interest
concern state
concern abstraction
concern anxiety
concern attribute
concern emotion
concern entity
concern feeling
concern state
concern abstraction
concern attribute
concern entity
concern feeling
concern state
concern sympathy
concern abstraction
concern cognition
concern entity
concern information
concern stimulation
concert abstraction
concert entity
concert event
concert performance
concert show
concert make
concert plan
concert agree
concert conclude
concert settle
concerto abstraction
concerto communication
concerto entity
concerto music
concession abstraction
concession agreement
concession communication
concession contract
concession document
concession entity
concession message
concession statement
concession writing
concession abstraction
concession act
concession agreement
concession assent
concession entity
concession event
concession abstraction
concession act
concession agreement
concession entity
concession event
conch animal
conch entity
conch invertebrate
conch object
conch organism
conch whole
conciliation abstraction
conciliation attribute
conciliation entity
conciliation order
conciliation peace
conciliation state
conciliation abstraction
conciliation communication
conciliation discussion
conciliation entity
conciliation mediation
conciliation negotiation
conciliation speech
conclave abstraction
conclave entity
conclave gathering
conclave group
conclave meeting
conclude change
conclude end
conclude agree
conclude end
conclude agree
conclusion abstraction
conclusion assumption
conclusion cognition
conclusion concept
conclusion content
conclusion entity
conclusion hypothesis
conclusion idea
conclusion abstraction
conclusion communication
conclusion entity
conclusion message
conclusion proposition
conclusion statement
conclusion abstraction
conclusion agreement
conclusion communication
conclusion entity
conclusion message
conclusion settlement
conclusion statement
conclusion abstraction
conclusion communication
conclusion entity
conclusion music
conclusion section
conclusion writing
concoction entity
concoction food
concoction foodstuff
concoction matter
concoction substance
concoction abstraction
concoction combining
concoction entity
concoction event
concoction happening
concoction mix
concoction union
concoction ability
concoction abstraction
concoction cognition
concoction creativity
concoction entity
concoction invention
concord agree
concord arrange
concord move
concord put
concordance abstraction
concordance communication
concordance database
concordance entity
concordance index
concordance information
concordance list
concordance message
concourse artifact
concourse corridor
concourse entity
concourse hallway
concourse object
concourse passage
concourse way
concourse whole
concourse abstraction
concourse act
concourse action
concourse change
concourse convergence
concourse entity
concourse event
concourse joining
concrete artifact
concrete entity
concrete object
concrete whole
concrete cover
concrete change
concrete solidify
concubine adult
concubine entity
concubine female
concubine lover
concubine mistress
concubine object
concubine organism
concubine person
concubine whole
concubine woman
concur happen
concurrence abstraction
concurrence act
concurrence agreement
concurrence entity
concurrence event
concurrence abstraction
concurrence act
concurrence cooperation
concurrence entity
concurrence event
concurrence abstraction
concurrence agreement
concurrence attribute
concurrence entity
concurrence harmony
concurrence order
concurrence state
concurrence abstraction
concurrence attribute
concurrence entity
concurrence property
concurrence timing
concussion abstraction
concussion accident
concussion entity
concussion event
concussion happening
concussion injury
concussion misfortune
concussion mishap
concussion trouble
concussion abstraction
concussion blow
concussion contact
concussion entity
concussion event
concussion happening
concussion impact
condemn comment
condemn denounce
condemn express
condemn knock
condemn note
condemn state
condemn declare
condemn express
condemn state
condemn compel
condemn induce
condemn act
condemn attest
condemn communicate
condemn inform
condemn interact
condemn testify
condemn take
condemnation abstraction
condemnation act
condemnation disapproval
condemnation entity
condemnation event
condemnation judgment
condemnation abstraction
condemnation attribute
condemnation condition
condemnation entity
condemnation state
condensation abstraction
condensation cognition
condensation entity
condensation process
condensation entity
condensation process
condensation entity
condensation phenomenon
condensation process
condensation abstraction
condensation communication
condensation entity
condensation message
condensation statement
condensation summary
condense change
condense remove
condense change
condense increase
condense intensify
condense arise
condense happen
condense change
condenser apparatus
condenser artifact
condenser entity
condenser equipment
condenser instrumentality
condenser object
condenser whole
condenser artifact
condenser coil
condenser conduit
condenser entity
condenser object
condenser passage
condenser tube
condenser way
condenser whole
condenser artifact
condenser device
condenser entity
condenser instrumentality
condenser lens
condenser object
condenser whole
condescension abstraction
condescension act
condescension activity
condescension arrogance
condescension entity
condescension event
condescension pride
condescension sin
condescension transgression
condescension abstraction
condescension communication
condescension entity
condescension message
condescension abstraction
condescension attribute
condescension disposition
condescension entity
condescension friendliness
condescension nature
condescension trait
condiment entity
condiment food
condiment foodstuff
condiment ingredient
condiment matter
condiment substance
condition abstraction
condition attribute
condition entity
condition state
condition abstraction
condition communication
condition entity
condition message
condition postulate
condition premise
condition proposition
condition statement
condition abstraction
condition attribute
condition entity
condition state
condition abstraction
condition attribute
condition condition
condition entity
condition state
condition abstraction
condition attribute
condition condition
condition entity
condition illness
condition state
condition abstraction
condition communication
condition entity
condition message
condition statement
condition abstraction
condition act
condition activity
condition entity
condition event
condition procedure
condition act
condition communicate
condition inform
condition interact
condition teach
condition better
condition change
condition better
condition change
condition cleanse
condition groom
condition shampoo
condition wash
conditioning abstraction
conditioning cognition
conditioning entity
conditioning learning
conditioning process
condolence abstraction
condolence communication
condolence entity
condolence message
condom artifact
condom contraceptive
condom device
condom entity
condom instrumentality
condom object
condom whole
condominium artifact
condominium dwelling
condominium entity
condominium housing
condominium object
condominium structure
condominium whole
condominium artifact
condominium entity
condominium housing
condominium object
condominium structure
condominium whole
condor animal
condor bird
condor entity
condor object
condor organism
condor vertebrate
condor vulture
condor whole
conduct control
conduct manage
conduct perform
conduct make
conduct perform
conduction entity
conduction phenomenon
conduction process
conductor artist
conductor creator
conductor entity
conductor musician
conductor object
conductor organism
conductor person
conductor whole
conductor abstraction
conductor entity
conductor material
conductor matter
conductor part
conductor relation
conductor substance
conductor collector
conductor entity
conductor object
conductor organism
conductor person
conductor whole
conductor worker
conductor artifact
conductor device
conductor entity
conductor instrumentality
conductor object
conductor whole
conduit artifact
conduit entity
conduit object
conduit passage
conduit way
conduit whole
cone artifact
cone entity
cone object
cone whole
cone abstraction
cone attribute
cone entity
cone shape
cone entity
cone object
cone whole
cone cell
cone entity
cone object
cone whole
cone cut
cone move
cone separate
confection abstraction
confection act
confection activity
confection creation
confection entity
confection event
confectioner creator
confectioner entity
confectioner maker
confectioner object
confectioner organism
confectioner person
confectioner whole
confectionery dainty
confectionery entity
confectionery food
confectionery matter
confectionery substance
confectionery sweet
confectionery artifact
confectionery entity
confectionery establishment
confectionery object
confectionery shop
confectionery structure
confectionery whole
confectionery abstraction
confectionery act
confectionery activity
confectionery entity
confectionery event
confectionery occupation
confederate advocate
confederate entity
confederate inhabitant
confederate object
confederate organism
confederate person
confederate supporter
confederate whole
confederate accessory
confederate criminal
confederate entity
confederate object
confederate organism
confederate person
confederate principal
confederate whole
confederate join
confederate unite
confederation abstraction
confederation entity
confederation group
confederation organization
confederation union
confederation unit
confederation abstraction
confederation act
confederation entity
confederation event
confer act
confer communicate
confer interact
confer talk
confer allocate
confer assign
confer award
confer distribute
confer give
confer transfer
conference abstraction
conference entity
conference gathering
conference group
conference meeting
conference abstraction
conference communication
conference discussion
conference entity
conference speech
confess admit
confess declare
confess evaluate
confess think
confess admit
confess declare
confess evaluate
confess think
confession abstraction
confession admission
confession communication
confession entity
confession message
confession abstraction
confession communication
confession document
confession entity
confession writing
confession abstraction
confession act
confession activity
confession ceremony
confession entity
confession event
confession penance
confession sacrament
confession abstraction
confession communication
confession declaration
confession entity
confession message
confession statement
confession abstraction
confession belief
confession cognition
confession content
confession doctrine
confession entity
confessional area
confessional artifact
confessional booth
confessional closet
confessional entity
confessional object
confessional room
confessional structure
confessional whole
confessor abstraction
confessor attribute
confessor clergyman
confessor entity
confessor leader
confessor object
confessor organism
confessor person
confessor priest
confessor state
confessor status
confessor whole
confessor entity
confessor object
confessor organism
confessor person
confessor whole
confide act
confide communicate
confide inform
confide interact
confide tell
confidence abstraction
confidence attribute
confidence entity
confidence fearlessness
confidence feeling
confidence security
confidence state
confidence abstraction
confidence attribute
confidence condition
confidence entity
confidence state
confidence abstraction
confidence attribute
confidence entity
confidence friendship
confidence relationship
confidence state
confidence abstraction
confidence communication
confidence entity
confidence information
confidence message
confidence secret
confidentiality abstraction
confidentiality attribute
confidentiality entity
confidentiality isolation
confidentiality privacy
confidentiality separation
confidentiality state
confidentiality ability
confidentiality abstraction
confidentiality cognition
confidentiality discretion
confidentiality entity
confidentiality wisdom
configuration abstraction
configuration arrangement
configuration cognition
configuration design
configuration entity
configuration structure
configure assemble
configure connect
configure join
configure make
confine forget
confine inhibit
confine restrain
confine suppress
confinement abstraction
confinement act
confinement activity
confinement control
confinement entity
confinement event
confinement restraint
confinement abstraction
confinement attribute
confinement entity
confinement relationship
confinement state
confinement subjugation
confirm affirm
confirm change
confirm strengthen
confirm accept
confirm act
confirm approve
confirm authorize
confirm permit
confirm react
confirm covenant
confirm declare
confirm express
confirm pledge
confirm promise
confirm state
confirmation abstraction
confirmation cognition
confirmation entity
confirmation evidence
confirmation information
confirmation proof
confirmation abstraction
confirmation communication
confirmation entity
confirmation information
confirmation message
confirmation abstraction
confirmation act
confirmation activity
confirmation ceremony
confirmation entity
confirmation event
confirmation abstraction
confirmation act
confirmation activity
confirmation ceremony
confirmation entity
confirmation event
confirmation sacrament
confiscation abstraction
confiscation act
confiscation appropriation
confiscation entity
confiscation event
confiscation seizure
conflict abstraction
conflict act
conflict entity
conflict event
conflict abstraction
conflict ambivalence
conflict attribute
conflict entity
conflict feeling
conflict state
conflict abstraction
conflict attribute
conflict entity
conflict state
conflict abstraction
conflict attribute
conflict characteristic
conflict entity
conflict quality
conflict abstraction
conflict entity
conflict opposition
conflict relation
conflict contrast
conflict differ
conflict act
conflict interact
conflict relate
confluence entity
confluence location
confluence object
confluence point
confluence abstraction
confluence act
confluence action
confluence blend
confluence change
confluence combination
confluence entity
confluence event
conformation artifact
conformation balance
conformation entity
conformation object
conformation structure
conformation whole
conformist adult
conformist conservative
conformist entity
conformist object
conformist organism
conformist person
conformist whole
conformity abstraction
conformity agreement
conformity attribute
conformity characteristic
conformity compatibility
conformity entity
conformity quality
conformity abstraction
conformity act
conformity cooperation
conformity entity
conformity event
conformity abstraction
conformity attitude
conformity cognition
conformity entity
conformity orientation
confront meet
confront act
confront be
confront front
confront lie
confrontation abstraction
confrontation act
confrontation challenge
confrontation entity
confrontation event
confrontation abstraction
confrontation act
confrontation disagreement
confrontation discord
confrontation entity
confrontation event
confrontation abstraction
confrontation act
confrontation disagreement
confrontation entity
confrontation event
confrontation abstraction
confrontation act
confrontation entity
confrontation event
confrontation resistance
confrontation abstraction
confrontation act
confrontation activity
confrontation comparison
confrontation entity
confrontation event
confrontation examination
confrontation investigation
confrontation work
confuse identify
confuse mistake
confuse recognize
confuse remember
confuse be
confuse arouse
confuse make
confuse upset
confuse change
confusion abstraction
confusion attribute
confusion disorder
confusion entity
confusion state
confusion abstraction
confusion attribute
confusion condition
confusion entity
confusion state
confusion abstraction
confusion attribute
confusion embarrassment
confusion entity
confusion feeling
confusion shame
confusion state
confusion abstraction
confusion act
confusion action
confusion change
confusion combination
confusion entity
confusion event
confusion abstraction
confusion act
confusion entity
confusion event
confusion mistake
congestion abstraction
congestion cognition
congestion entity
congestion evidence
congestion information
congestion symptom
congestion abstraction
congestion attribute
congestion entity
congestion situation
congestion state
conglomerate abstraction
conglomerate business
conglomerate corporation
conglomerate enterprise
conglomerate entity
conglomerate firm
conglomerate group
conglomerate organization
conglomeration abstraction
conglomeration attribute
conglomeration entity
conglomeration shape
conglomeration sphere
conglomeration abstraction
conglomeration combining
conglomeration entity
conglomeration event
conglomeration happening
conglomeration union
congratulation abstraction
congratulation act
congratulation entity
congratulation event
congratulation abstraction
congratulation act
congratulation communication
congratulation entity
congratulation event
congratulation expression
congregate act
congregate interact
congregate meet
congregation abstraction
congregation entity
congregation group
congregation abstraction
congregation collection
congregation entity
congregation group
congregation abstraction
congregation act
congregation assembly
congregation entity
congregation event
congress abstraction
congress assembly
congress entity
congress gathering
congress group
congress legislature
congress abstraction
congress entity
congress gathering
congress group
congress meeting
congress abstraction
congress assembly
congress entity
congress gathering
congress group
congress legislature
congressman entity
congressman leader
congressman legislator
congressman object
congressman organism
congressman person
congressman politician
congressman whole
conifer entity
conifer object
conifer organism
conifer plant
conifer tree
conifer whole
conjecture abstraction
conjecture cognition
conjecture entity
conjecture process
conjecture reasoning
conjecture thinking
conjugate blend
conjugate change
conjugate modify
conjugate change
conjunction abstraction
conjunction entity
conjunction part
conjunction relation
conjunction word
conjunction abstraction
conjunction entity
conjunction relation
conjunction abstraction
conjunction convergence
conjunction entity
conjunction event
conjunction happening
conjunction meeting
conjuncture abstraction
conjuncture entity
conjuncture event
conjuncture happening
conjuncture juncture
conjurer entity
conjurer object
conjurer organism
conjurer person
conjurer sorcerer
conjurer whole
connect connect
connect join
connect hit
connect touch
connect connect
connect join
connect be
connect act
connect interact
connect relate
connect hit
connect move
connection abstraction
connection entity
connection relation
connection abstraction
connection attribute
connection entity
connection state
connection union
connection artifact
connection entity
connection instrumentality
connection object
connection whole
connection acquaintance
connection entity
connection object
connection organism
connection person
connection whole
connection abstraction
connection attribute
connection entity
connection shape
connection businessperson
connection capitalist
connection entity
connection object
connection organism
connection person
connection supplier
connection whole
connection abstraction
connection act
connection action
connection change
connection entity
connection event
connection movement
connection transportation
connectivity abstraction
connectivity attribute
connectivity entity
connectivity property
connotation abstraction
connotation cognition
connotation content
connotation entity
connotation idea
connotation meaning
conqueror combatant
conqueror entity
conqueror object
conqueror organism
conqueror person
conqueror victor
conqueror whole
conquest abstraction
conquest act
conquest capture
conquest entity
conquest event
conquest abstraction
conquest accomplishment
conquest act
conquest action
conquest attainment
conquest entity
conquest event
conquest success
conscience abstraction
conscience entity
conscience motivation
conscience abstraction
conscience attribute
conscience entity
conscience morality
conscience quality
conscience abstraction
conscience attribute
conscience entity
conscience feeling
conscience shame
conscience state
consciousness abstraction
consciousness attribute
consciousness condition
consciousness entity
consciousness state
conscription abstraction
conscription act
conscription entity
conscription event
conscription mobilization
consecrate declare
consecrate express
consecrate state
consecration abstraction
consecration act
consecration commitment
consecration cooperation
consecration entity
consecration event
consecration abstraction
consecration act
consecration activity
consecration ceremony
consecration entity
consecration event
consecration sanctification
consensus abstraction
consensus agreement
consensus attribute
consensus entity
consensus harmony
consensus order
consensus state
consent abstraction
consent approval
consent communication
consent entity
consent message
consent permission
consequence entity
consequence phenomenon
consequence process
consequence abstraction
consequence ending
consequence entity
consequence event
consequence happening
consequence result
consequence abstraction
consequence attribute
consequence entity
consequence importance
consequence quality
consequence significance
consequence value
consequence worth
conservation abstraction
conservation change
conservation entity
conservation event
conservation happening
conservation improvement
conservation transformation
conservation abstraction
conservation act
conservation activity
conservation entity
conservation event
conservation preservation
conservation protection
conservation abstraction
conservation cognition
conservation concept
conservation content
conservation entity
conservation idea
conservation law
conservation principle
conservatism abstraction
conservatism attitude
conservatism cognition
conservatism entity
conservatism orientation
conservative adult
conservative entity
conservative object
conservative organism
conservative person
conservative whole
conservative associate
conservative entity
conservative member
conservative object
conservative organism
conservative peer
conservative person
conservative whole
conservator entity
conservator object
conservator organism
conservator person
conservator whole
conservatory abstraction
conservatory entity
conservatory group
conservatory institution
conservatory organization
conservatory school
conservatory artifact
conservatory building
conservatory entity
conservatory object
conservatory school
conservatory structure
conservatory whole
conservatory artifact
conservatory building
conservatory entity
conservatory greenhouse
conservatory object
conservatory structure
conservatory whole
conserve dainty
conserve entity
conserve food
conserve matter
conserve substance
conserve sweet
conserve keep
conserve have
conserve keep
conserve have
conserve keep
conserve save
conserve cook
conserve make
conserve preserve
consider think
consider act
consider communicate
consider interact
consider talk
consider evaluate
consider see
consider think
consideration abstraction
consideration cognition
consideration entity
consideration process
consideration thinking
consideration abstraction
consideration act
consideration communication
consideration discussion
consideration entity
consideration event
consideration abstraction
consideration attribute
consideration entity
consideration good
consideration kindness
consideration morality
consideration quality
consideration abstraction
consideration act
consideration action
consideration entity
consideration event
consideration kindness
consist be
consist equal
consist match
consist be
consistency abstraction
consistency attribute
consistency entity
consistency property
consistency abstraction
consistency attribute
consistency entity
consistency quality
consistency sameness
consistency similarity
consistency uniformity
consistency abstraction
consistency attribute
consistency coherence
consistency connection
consistency entity
consistency state
consistency union
consistency abstraction
consistency attribute
consistency entity
consistency quality
consolation abstraction
consolation attribute
consolation comfort
consolation entity
consolation feeling
consolation pleasure
consolation state
consolation abstraction
consolation act
consolation activity
consolation aid
consolation entity
consolation event
consolation relief
console artifact
console device
console entity
console instrumentality
console instrument
console object
console whole
console artifact
console bracket
console device
console entity
console instrumentality
console object
console support
console whole
consolidate change
consolidate integrate
consolidate unify
consolidate change
consolidate strengthen
consolidate change
consolidate unite
consolidate change
consolidate solidify
consolidate change
consolidate solidify
consolidation abstraction
consolidation combining
consolidation entity
consolidation event
consolidation happening
consolidation union
consolidation abstraction
consolidation act
consolidation action
consolidation change
consolidation combination
consolidation entity
consolidation event
consolidation entity
consolidation object
consolidation whole
consonance abstraction
consonance communication
consonance entity
consonance form
consonance rhyme
consonance abstraction
consonance attribute
consonance entity
consonance harmony
consonance property
consonant abstraction
consonant entity
consonant part
consonant phone
consonant relation
consonant abstraction
consonant character
consonant communication
consonant entity
consonant letter
consonant signal
consonant symbol
consort entity
consort object
consort organism
consort person
consort relative
consort spouse
consort whole
consort act
consort interact
consortium abstraction
consortium association
consortium entity
consortium group
consortium organization
conspiracy abstraction
conspiracy agreement
conspiracy communication
conspiracy entity
conspiracy message
conspiracy statement
conspiracy abstraction
conspiracy cognition
conspiracy content
conspiracy entity
conspiracy idea
conspiracy plan
conspiracy plot
conspiracy scheme
conspiracy abstraction
conspiracy entity
conspiracy group
conspiracy set
conspirator criminal
conspirator entity
conspirator object
conspirator organism
conspirator person
conspirator principal
conspirator whole
constable defender
constable entity
constable object
constable organism
constable person
constable whole
constable defender
constable entity
constable object
constable organism
constable person
constable policeman
constable whole
constancy abstraction
constancy attribute
constancy entity
constancy quality
constancy abstraction
constancy cognition
constancy entity
constancy perception
constancy process
constancy abstraction
constancy attribute
constancy entity
constancy fidelity
constancy quality
constant abstraction
constant cognition
constant concept
constant content
constant entity
constant idea
constant quantity
constant abstraction
constant entity
constant measure
constant number
constellation entity
constellation object
constellation whole
constipation abstraction
constipation cognition
constipation entity
constipation evidence
constipation information
constipation symptom
constituency abstraction
constituency body
constituency entity
constituency group
constituent citizen
constituent entity
constituent national
constituent object
constituent organism
constituent person
constituent voter
constituent whole
constituent abstraction
constituent arrangement
constituent communication
constituent entity
constituent group
constituent language
constituent sequence
constituent series
constituent string
constitution abstraction
constitution act
constitution action
constitution beginning
constitution change
constitution entity
constitution event
constitution abstraction
constitution attribute
constitution entity
constitution property
constitutional abstraction
constitutional act
constitutional action
constitutional change
constitutional entity
constitutional event
constitutional motion
constitutional travel
constitutional walk
constraint abstraction
constraint attribute
constraint confinement
constraint entity
constraint relationship
constraint state
constraint subjugation
constraint abstraction
constraint act
constraint activity
constraint control
constraint entity
constraint event
constraint restraint
constraint restriction
constriction abstraction
constriction attribute
constriction entity
constriction property
constriction shape
constriction abstraction
constriction change
constriction compression
constriction decrease
constriction entity
constriction event
constriction happening
constriction shrinking
constriction abstraction
constriction cognition
constriction entity
constriction feeling
constriction perception
constriction process
constriction abstraction
constriction act
constriction compression
constriction entity
constriction event
constriction press
constriction propulsion
constriction push
construct make
construct change
construct mark
construct trace
construct make
construction abstraction
construction act
construction activity
construction creation
construction entity
construction event
construction abstraction
construction arrangement
construction communication
construction constituent
construction entity
construction group
construction language
construction sequence
construction series
construction string
construction abstraction
construction cognition
construction entity
construction process
construction thinking
construction abstraction
construction act
construction activity
construction calculation
construction entity
construction event
construction procedure
construction abstraction
construction communication
construction entity
construction explanation
construction interpretation
construction message
construction statement
construction abstraction
construction act
construction commerce
construction entity
construction event
construction transaction
constructiveness abstraction
constructiveness attribute
constructiveness entity
constructiveness quality
consul diplomat
consul entity
consul object
consul official
consul organism
consul person
consul whole
consul worker
consulate artifact
consulate building
consulate entity
consulate object
consulate structure
consulate whole
consult act
consult ask
consult communicate
consult interact
consult analyze
consult investigate
consult research
consult act
consult communicate
consult interact
consult talk
consultation abstraction
consultation communication
consultation conference
consultation discussion
consultation entity
consultation speech
consultation abstraction
consultation communication
consultation conference
consultation discussion
consultation entity
consultation speech
consume give
consume pay
consume spend
consume transfer
consume destroy
consume give
consume pay
consume spend
consume transfer
consume absorb
consume arouse
consume interest
consume make
consumer entity
consumer object
consumer organism
consumer person
consumer user
consumer whole
consummate cause
consummate change
consummate complete
consummate effect
consummate end
consummate make
consummate cause
consummate change
consummate complete
consummate effect
consummate end
consummate make
consumption entity
consumption process
consumption demand
consumption entity
consumption process
consumption abstraction
consumption act
consumption action
consumption change
consumption decrease
consumption depletion
consumption entity
consumption event
contact abstraction
contact act
contact action
contact entity
contact event
contact interaction
contact abstraction
contact act
contact entity
contact event
contact touch
contact abstraction
contact attribute
contact connection
contact entity
contact state
contact union
contact abstraction
contact entity
contact event
contact happening
contact entity
contact negotiator
contact object
contact organism
contact person
contact representative
contact whole
contact artifact
contact connection
contact entity
contact instrumentality
contact junction
contact object
contact whole
contact abstraction
contact act
contact communication
contact entity
contact event
contact artifact
contact device
contact entity
contact instrumentality
contact lens
contact object
contact whole
contagion abstraction
contagion communication
contagion entity
contain be
container artifact
container entity
container instrumentality
container object
container whole
containment abstraction
containment cognition
containment content
containment entity
containment idea
containment plan
containment policy
containment artifact
containment entity
containment instrumentality
containment object
containment system
containment whole
containment abstraction
containment act
containment activity
containment control
containment entity
containment event
containment restraint
contaminant abstraction
contaminant entity
contaminant material
contaminant matter
contaminant part
contaminant relation
contaminant substance
contaminate change
contamination abstraction
contamination attribute
contamination condition
contamination entity
contamination impurity
contamination state
contamination abstraction
contamination act
contamination action
contamination change
contamination entity
contamination event
contemplate analyze
contemplate view
contemplate consider
contemplate think
contemplation abstraction
contemplation act
contemplation activity
contemplation entity
contemplation event
contemplation look
contemplation stare
contemplation abstraction
contemplation cognition
contemplation consideration
contemplation entity
contemplation process
contemplation thinking
contemporary entity
contemporary object
contemporary organism
contemporary peer
contemporary person
contemporary whole
contempt abstraction
contempt attribute
contempt dislike
contempt entity
contempt feeling
contempt state
contempt abstraction
contempt attribute
contempt entity
contempt manner
contempt trait
contempt abstraction
contempt communication
contempt entity
contempt message
contempt abstraction
contempt act
contempt disobedience
contempt entity
contempt event
contempt resistance
contend affirm
contend claim
content abstraction
content collection
content entity
content group
content abstraction
content entity
content proportion
content quotient
content ratio
content relation
content abstraction
content cognition
content entity
content change
content decrease
content limit
content satisfy
contention abstraction
contention assertion
contention communication
contention declaration
contention entity
contention message
contention statement
contentment abstraction
contentment attribute
contentment entity
contentment feeling
contentment happiness
contentment state
contents abstraction
contents arrangement
contents array
contents communication
contents database
contents entity
contents group
contents information
contents list
contents message
contents table
contest abstraction
contest entity
contest event
contest abstraction
contest act
contest competition
contest entity
contest event
contest act
contest argue
contest communicate
contest converse
contest interact
contest oppose
contest talk
contestant entity
contestant object
contestant organism
contestant person
contestant whole
context abstraction
context discourse
context entity
context part
context relation
context abstraction
context attribute
context entity
context environment
context situation
context state
continence abstraction
continence attribute
continence discipline
continence entity
continence trait
continence abstraction
continence attribute
continence discipline
continence entity
continence restraint
continence trait
continent entity
continent land
continent landmass
continent object
contingent abstraction
contingent entity
contingent gathering
contingent group
contingent abstraction
contingent entity
contingent group
contingent organization
contingent unit
continuance abstraction
continuance act
continuance activity
continuance entity
continuance event
continue act
continue communicate
continue interact
continue talk
continue keep
continue act
continue be
continuity abstraction
continuity attribute
continuity coherence
continuity connection
continuity entity
continuity state
continuity union
continuity abstraction
continuity communication
continuity entity
continuity script
continuity writing
continuity abstraction
continuity attribute
continuity duration
continuity entity
continuity permanence
continuity property
continuum abstraction
continuum attribute
continuum entity
continuum time
contour abstraction
contour communication
contour entity
contour indication
contour line
contour mark
contour abstraction
contour cognition
contour concept
contour content
contour entity
contour feature
contour idea
contour property
contour delineate
contour draw
contour make
contour represent
contraband artifact
contraband commodity
contraband entity
contraband merchandise
contraband object
contraband whole
contraception abstraction
contraception act
contraception activity
contraception entity
contraception event
contraception preparation
contraceptive artifact
contraceptive device
contraceptive entity
contraceptive instrumentality
contraceptive object
contraceptive whole
contract abstraction
contract agreement
contract communication
contract document
contract entity
contract message
contract statement
contract writing
contract abstraction
contract bid
contract communication
contract entity
contract message
contract statement
contract abstraction
contract act
contract activity
contract bridge
contract entity
contract event
contract game
contract declare
contract express
contract promise
contract state
contract change
contract worsen
contract change
contract decrease
contract shrink
contraction abstraction
contraction act
contraction action
contraction change
contraction decrease
contraction entity
contraction event
contraction shortening
contraction abstraction
contraction entity
contraction part
contraction relation
contraction word
contraction abstraction
contraction act
contraction action
contraction change
contraction decrease
contraction entity
contraction event
contractor builder
contractor contractor
contractor entity
contractor object
contractor organism
contractor party
contractor person
contractor whole
contractor contestant
contractor entity
contractor object
contractor organism
contractor person
contractor player
contractor whole
contractor entity
contractor object
contractor organism
contractor party
contractor person
contractor whole
contradict deviate
contradict differ
contradict disagree
contradiction abstraction
contradiction entity
contradiction opposition
contradiction relation
contradiction abstraction
contradiction communication
contradiction entity
contradiction falsehood
contradiction message
contradiction statement
contradiction abstraction
contradiction assertion
contradiction communication
contradiction declaration
contradiction denial
contradiction entity
contradiction message
contradiction negation
contradiction statement
contradictory abstraction
contradictory entity
contradictory relation
contrary abstraction
contrary entity
contrary opposition
contrary relation
contrary abstraction
contrary entity
contrary relation
contrast abstraction
contrast entity
contrast opposition
contrast relation
contrast abstraction
contrast act
contrast activity
contrast comparison
contrast entity
contrast event
contrast examination
contrast investigation
contrast work
contrast abstraction
contrast cognition
contrast entity
contrast perception
contrast process
contrast abstraction
contrast attribute
contrast entity
contrast extent
contrast magnitude
contrast property
contrast scope
contrast determine
contrast distinguish
contrast identify
contrast differ
contribute give
contribute transfer
contribute promote
contribute support
contribution abstraction
contribution act
contribution activity
contribution attempt
contribution entity
contribution event
contribution abstraction
contribution acquisition
contribution entity
contribution gift
contribution possession
contribution relation
contribution abstraction
contribution act
contribution distribution
contribution entity
contribution event
contribution giving
contribution abstraction
contribution assets
contribution entity
contribution possession
contribution relation
contribution sum
contribution abstraction
contribution act
contribution commerce
contribution entity
contribution event
contribution publication
contribution transaction
contributor entity
contributor object
contributor organism
contributor person
contributor whole
contributor writer
control abstraction
control attribute
control entity
control power
control quality
control abstraction
control entity
control relation
control entity
control process
control abstraction
control act
control activity
control entity
control event
control artifact
control device
control entity
control instrumentality
control mechanism
control object
control whole
control abstraction
control belief
control cognition
control content
control entity
control spirit
control abstraction
control argumentation
control cognition
control entity
control policy
control process
control reasoning
control thinking
control forget
control inhibit
control restrain
control suppress
control evaluate
control test
control think
control confirm
control see
control verify
controversy abstraction
controversy act
controversy disagreement
controversy dispute
controversy entity
controversy event
contusion abstraction
contusion act
contusion entity
contusion event
contusion hit
contusion touch
convection entity
convection process
convection entity
convection process
convene act
convene interact
convene meet
convenience abstraction
convenience attribute
convenience comfort
convenience condition
convenience entity
convenience state
convenience abstraction
convenience attribute
convenience entity
convenience quality
convenience suitability
convent artifact
convent building
convent dwelling
convent entity
convent house
convent housing
convent object
convent residence
convent structure
convent whole
convent abstraction
convent community
convent entity
convent gathering
convent group
convention abstraction
convention entity
convention gathering
convention group
convention meeting
convention abstraction
convention cognition
convention entity
convention practice
convention abstraction
convention agreement
convention communication
convention document
convention entity
convention message
convention statement
convention treaty
convention writing
convention abstraction
convention act
convention assembly
convention entity
convention event
converge approximate
converge equal
converge match
converge resemble
converge act
converge interact
converge meet
converge change
converge integrate
converge unify
convergence abstraction
convergence entity
convergence event
convergence happening
convergence abstraction
convergence entity
convergence function
convergence relation
convergence series
convergence abstraction
convergence act
convergence action
convergence change
convergence entity
convergence event
convergence joining
conversation abstraction
conversation communication
conversation entity
conversation speech
converse abstraction
converse communication
converse entity
converse message
converse proposition
converse statement
converse act
converse communicate
converse interact
converse talk
conversion abstraction
conversion change
conversion entity
conversion event
conversion happening
conversion transformation
conversion abstraction
conversion calculation
conversion cognition
conversion entity
conversion process
conversion thinking
conversion abstraction
conversion accomplishment
conversion act
conversion action
conversion attainment
conversion entity
conversion event
conversion score
conversion success
conversion abstraction
conversion act
conversion entity
conversion event
conversion recovery
conversion redemption
conversion rescue
conversion abstraction
conversion cognition
conversion entity
conversion process
conversion abstraction
conversion change
conversion entity
conversion event
conversion happening
conversion abstraction
conversion communication
conversion device
conversion entity
conversion abstraction
conversion act
conversion commerce
conversion entity
conversion event
conversion exchange
conversion transaction
conversion abstraction
conversion act
conversion action
conversion change
conversion entity
conversion event
convert entity
convert object
convert organism
convert person
convert whole
convert change
convert gain
convert score
convert gain
convert score
convert gain
convert score
convert induce
convert persuade
convert change
converter artifact
converter device
converter entity
converter instrumentality
converter object
converter whole
convertible artifact
convertible car
convertible container
convertible conveyance
convertible entity
convertible instrumentality
convertible object
convertible vehicle
convertible whole
convertible abstraction
convertible communication
convertible document
convertible entity
convertible security
convertible writing
convertible artifact
convertible entity
convertible furnishing
convertible furniture
convertible instrumentality
convertible object
convertible seat
convertible sofa
convertible whole
convey act
convey communicate
convey impart
convey inform
convey interact
convey tell
convey move
convey transfer
conveyance abstraction
conveyance communication
conveyance document
conveyance entity
conveyance writing
conveyance abstraction
conveyance act
conveyance communication
conveyance entity
conveyance event
conveyance transmission
conveyance artifact
conveyance entity
conveyance instrumentality
conveyance object
conveyance whole
conveyance abstraction
conveyance act
conveyance entity
conveyance event
conveyance transaction
conveyance transfer
convict entity
convict object
convict organism
convict person
convict prisoner
convict unfortunate
convict whole
convict entity
convict object
convict organism
convict person
convict whole
convict declare
convict evaluate
convict pronounce
convict think
conviction abstraction
conviction belief
conviction cognition
conviction content
conviction entity
conviction abstraction
conviction act
conviction entity
conviction event
conviction judgment
convolution abstraction
convolution act
convolution action
convolution change
convolution entity
convolution event
convoy abstraction
convoy act
convoy collection
convoy entity
convoy event
convoy group
convoy procession
convoy abstraction
convoy collection
convoy entity
convoy group
convoy abstraction
convoy act
convoy activity
convoy entity
convoy escort
convoy event
convoy protection
convoy accompany
convoy escort
convoy travel
convulsion abstraction
convulsion affliction
convulsion attack
convulsion entity
convulsion event
convulsion happening
convulsion seizure
convulsion trouble
convulsion abstraction
convulsion attribute
convulsion disorder
convulsion disturbance
convulsion entity
convulsion state
convulsion abstraction
convulsion entity
convulsion event
convulsion happening
convulsion trouble
cook entity
cook object
cook organism
cook person
cook whole
cook worker
cook make
cook change
cookbook artifact
cookbook book
cookbook creation
cookbook entity
cookbook object
cookbook product
cookbook publication
cookbook whole
cookbook work
cooker artifact
cooker entity
cooker implement
cooker instrumentality
cooker object
cooker utensil
cooker whole
cookie cake
cookie entity
cookie food
cookie matter
cookie solid
cookie cook
cookie entity
cookie object
cookie organism
cookie person
cookie whole
cookie worker
cookie abstraction
cookie communication
cookie entity
cookie matter
cookie text
cookie writing
cooking abstraction
cooking act
cooking action
cooking change
cooking entity
cooking event
cool abstraction
cool agent
cool attribute
cool coldness
cool entity
cool measure
cool property
cool temperature
cool change
cooler appliance
cooler artifact
cooler commodity
cooler entity
cooler object
cooler whole
cooler abstraction
cooler beverage
cooler entity
cooler fluid
cooler food
cooler liquid
cooler matter
cooler part
cooler relation
cooler substance
cooler area
cooler artifact
cooler cell
cooler entity
cooler object
cooler room
cooler structure
cooler whole
cooling entity
cooling process
coolness abstraction
coolness attribute
coolness calmness
coolness entity
coolness feeling
coolness state
coolness abstraction
coolness attribute
coolness character
coolness courage
coolness entity
coolness fearlessness
coolness spirit
coolness trait
cooperation abstraction
cooperation act
cooperation entity
cooperation event
cooperation abstraction
cooperation act
cooperation activity
cooperation entity
cooperation event
cooperation practice
cooperative abstraction
cooperative enterprise
cooperative entity
cooperative group
cooperative organization
cooperative abstraction
cooperative association
cooperative entity
cooperative group
cooperative organization
coordinate abstraction
coordinate entity
coordinate measure
coordinate number
coordinate control
coordinate manage
coordinate equal
coordinate match
coordinate meet
coordination abstraction
coordination attribute
coordination entity
coordination skillfulness
coordination state
coordination abstraction
coordination act
coordination activity
coordination control
coordination entity
coordination event
coordination regulation
coordination timing
coordination abstraction
coordination entity
coordination relation
coordination abstraction
coordination classification
coordination cognition
coordination entity
coordination process
coordinator entity
coordinator intellectual
coordinator object
coordinator organism
coordinator organizer
coordinator person
coordinator thinker
coordinator whole
cope artifact
cope cloak
cope clothing
cope commodity
cope covering
cope entity
cope garment
cope object
cope whole
cope act
copper abstraction
copper conductor
copper entity
copper material
copper matter
copper part
copper relation
copper substance
copper abstraction
copper coinage
copper coin
copper currency
copper entity
copper measure
copper penny
copper standard
copper abstraction
copper attribute
copper brown
copper color
copper entity
copper property
copper animal
copper butterfly
copper entity
copper insect
copper invertebrate
copper object
copper organism
copper whole
copper coat
copper cover
copperplate abstraction
copperplate communication
copperplate entity
copperplate handwriting
copperplate writing
copperplate art
copperplate artifact
copperplate creation
copperplate entity
copperplate object
copperplate print
copperplate whole
copperplate artifact
copperplate engraving
copperplate entity
copperplate object
copperplate plate
copperplate sheet
copperplate whole
coppersmith craftsman
coppersmith entity
coppersmith object
coppersmith organism
coppersmith person
coppersmith whole
coppersmith worker
copulate connect
copulate join
copy artifact
copy creation
copy entity
copy object
copy representation
copy whole
copy abstraction
copy communication
copy entity
copy matter
copy text
copy writing
copy abstraction
copy communication
copy entity
copy information
copy material
copy message
copy change
copy mark
copy trace
copy write
copy make
copybook artifact
copybook book
copybook creation
copybook entity
copybook object
copybook product
copybook publication
copybook whole
copybook work
copyist employee
copyist entity
copyist object
copyist organism
copyist person
copyist whole
copyist worker
copyright abstraction
copyright cognition
copyright communication
copyright concept
copyright content
copyright document
copyright entity
copyright idea
copyright right
copyright writing
copyright get
copyright obtain
copyright procure
copywriter employee
copywriter entity
copywriter object
copywriter organism
copywriter person
copywriter whole
copywriter worker
coral abstraction
coral attribute
coral color
coral entity
coral pink
coral property
coral crystal
coral entity
coral gem
coral matter
coral solid
coral entity
coral food
coral matter
coral seafood
coral solid
coral animal
coral entity
coral invertebrate
coral object
coral organism
coral whole
cord artifact
cord entity
cord line
cord object
cord whole
cord abstraction
cord entity
cord measure
cord artifact
cord conductor
cord device
cord entity
cord instrumentality
cord object
cord whole
cord artifact
cord entity
cord fabric
cord object
cord whole
cord arrange
cord move
cord put
cord stack
cord attach
cord connect
cord fasten
cord tie
core abstraction
core collection
core entity
core group
core set
core center
core entity
core location
core object
core point
core center
core entity
core location
core object
core point
core entity
core object
core sample
core whole
core abstraction
core attribute
core entity
core shape
core area
core artifact
core chamber
core enclosure
core entity
core object
core structure
core whole
core artifact
core bar
core entity
core implement
core instrumentality
core object
core whole
core change
core empty
core hollow
cork abstraction
cork bark
cork covering
cork entity
cork material
cork matter
cork object
cork part
cork relation
cork substance
cork whole
cork artifact
cork blockage
cork entity
cork object
cork obstruction
cork plug
cork structure
cork whole
cork better
cork change
cork close
cork fill
cork plug
cork repair
cork change
cork fill
cork stuff
corn cereal
corn entity
corn grass
corn herb
corn object
corn organism
corn plant
corn whole
corn entity
corn fruit
corn grain
corn kernel
corn object
corn seed
corn whole
corn entity
corn food
corn foodstuff
corn grain
corn matter
corn substance
corn abstraction
corn cognition
corn entity
corn evidence
corn hardening
corn information
corn symptom
corn cereal
corn entity
corn grass
corn herb
corn object
corn organism
corn plant
corn whole
corn abstraction
corn attribute
corn emotionality
corn entity
corn trait
corn feed
corn give
corn provide
corn transfer
corn cook
corn make
corn preserve
cornea entity
cornea membrane
cornea part
cornea thing
cornea tissue
corner area
corner entity
corner location
corner object
corner region
corner entity
corner location
corner object
corner point
corner area
corner artifact
corner entity
corner object
corner structure
corner whole
corner entity
corner intersection
corner junction
corner location
corner object
corner point
corner entity
corner location
corner object
corner point
corner abstraction
corner act
corner activity
corner entity
corner event
corner market
corner monopoly
corner abstraction
corner attribute
corner condition
corner difficulty
corner entity
corner predicament
corner state
corner entity
corner part
corner thing
corner area
corner entity
corner location
corner object
corner region
corner artifact
corner entity
corner object
corner structure
corner whole
corner control
corner steer
corner move
corner turn
cornerstone artifact
cornerstone entity
cornerstone object
cornerstone stone
cornerstone whole
cornerstone artifact
cornerstone entity
cornerstone object
cornerstone stone
cornerstone whole
cornfield entity
cornfield field
cornfield location
cornfield object
cornfield region
cornfield tract
corona entity
corona object
corona whole
corona energy
corona entity
corona light
corona phenomenon
corona process
corona radiation
corona entity
corona part
corona structure
corona thing
corona abstraction
corona agent
corona cigar
corona drug
corona entity
corona material
corona matter
corona part
corona relation
corona substance
corona tobacco
coronation abstraction
coronation affair
coronation ceremony
coronation entity
coronation event
coronation initiation
corporal entity
corporal object
corporal organism
corporal person
corporal serviceman
corporal whole
corporal worker
corporation abstraction
corporation business
corporation enterprise
corporation entity
corporation firm
corporation group
corporation organization
corps abstraction
corps entity
corps group
corps organization
corps unit
corps abstraction
corps body
corps entity
corps group
corral enclose
corral surround
corral touch
corral arrange
corral move
corral put
corral have
corral keep
corral store
correct change
correct treat
correction abstraction
correction act
correction action
correction change
correction entity
correction event
correction improvement
correction abstraction
correction entity
correction measure
correction abstraction
correction communication
correction editing
correction entity
correction writing
correction abstraction
correction communication
correction criticism
correction disapproval
correction entity
correction message
correction rebuke
correction abstraction
correction amount
correction attribute
correction decrease
correction drop
correction entity
correction magnitude
correction property
correction abstraction
correction act
correction activity
correction care
correction entity
correction event
correction therapy
correction treatment
correction work
corrective artifact
corrective device
corrective entity
corrective instrumentality
corrective object
corrective whole
correctness abstraction
correctness attribute
correctness entity
correctness quality
correctness abstraction
correctness attribute
correctness entity
correctness propriety
correctness trait
correlate abstraction
correlate cognition
correlate concept
correlate content
correlate entity
correlate idea
correlate quantity
correlate variable
correlate equal
correlate match
correlate associate
correlate think
correlation abstraction
correlation entity
correlation relation
correlation abstraction
correlation cognition
correlation content
correlation discipline
correlation entity
correlation mathematics
correlation science
correlation statistics
correspondence abstraction
correspondence communication
correspondence entity
correspondence mail
correspondence message
correspondent entity
correspondent object
correspondent organism
correspondent person
correspondent whole
correspondent entity
correspondent journalist
correspondent object
correspondent organism
correspondent person
correspondent whole
correspondent writer
corridor artifact
corridor entity
corridor object
corridor passage
corridor way
corridor whole
corrosion abstraction
corrosion attribute
corrosion condition
corrosion decay
corrosion deterioration
corrosion entity
corrosion state
corrosion entity
corrosion process
corrosive abstraction
corrosive chemical
corrosive compound
corrosive entity
corrosive material
corrosive matter
corrosive part
corrosive relation
corrosive substance
corrupt change
corrupt modify
corruption decay
corruption entity
corruption process
corruption abstraction
corruption attribute
corruption entity
corruption immorality
corruption quality
corruption abstraction
corruption act
corruption action
corruption change
corruption degradation
corruption entity
corruption event
corruption abstraction
corruption act
corruption causing
corruption entity
corruption event
corruption inducement
corruptness abstraction
corruptness attribute
corruptness entity
corruptness standing
corruptness state
corruptness status
corruptness abstraction
corruptness attribute
corruptness dishonesty
corruptness entity
corruptness immorality
corruptness quality
cortex entity
cortex object
cortex part
cortex thing
cortex tissue
cortex whole
cosmetic artifact
cosmetic entity
cosmetic instrumentality
cosmetic object
cosmetic whole
cosmetology abstraction
cosmetology act
cosmetology activity
cosmetology entity
cosmetology event
cosmetology practice
cosmetology use
cosmologist astronomer
cosmologist entity
cosmologist object
cosmologist organism
cosmologist person
cosmologist physicist
cosmologist scientist
cosmologist whole
cosmology abstraction
cosmology cognition
cosmology content
cosmology discipline
cosmology entity
cosmology metaphysics
cosmology philosophy
cosmology abstraction
cosmology astronomy
cosmology astrophysics
cosmology cognition
cosmology content
cosmology discipline
cosmology entity
cosmology physics
cosmology science
cosmopolitan adult
cosmopolitan entity
cosmopolitan object
cosmopolitan organism
cosmopolitan person
cosmopolitan whole
cosmos entity
cosmos flower
cosmos object
cosmos organism
cosmos plant
cosmos whole
cost abstraction
cost entity
cost possession
cost relation
cost be
cost necessitate
costing abstraction
costing accountancy
costing act
costing activity
costing entity
costing event
costing occupation
costume artifact
costume attire
costume clothing
costume commodity
costume covering
costume entity
costume object
costume whole
costume artifact
costume attire
costume clothing
costume commodity
costume covering
costume entity
costume object
costume whole
costume artifact
costume attire
costume clothing
costume commodity
costume covering
costume entity
costume object
costume whole
costume artifact
costume attire
costume clothing
costume commodity
costume covering
costume entity
costume object
costume whole
costume change
costume dress
costume give
costume supply
costume transfer
cot artifact
cot bed
cot entity
cot furnishing
cot furniture
cot instrumentality
cot object
cot whole
cotton abstraction
cotton entity
cotton fiber
cotton material
cotton matter
cotton part
cotton relation
cotton substance
cotton artifact
cotton entity
cotton fabric
cotton object
cotton whole
cotton entity
cotton object
cotton organism
cotton plant
cotton shrub
cotton whole
cotton artifact
cotton cord
cotton entity
cotton line
cotton object
cotton thread
cotton whole
cotton like
couch abstraction
couch artifact
couch coating
couch covering
couch entity
couch material
couch matter
couch object
couch paint
couch part
couch relation
couch substance
couch whole
couch artifact
couch bed
couch entity
couch furnishing
couch furniture
couch instrumentality
couch object
couch whole
cougar animal
cougar carnivore
cougar cat
cougar entity
cougar feline
cougar mammal
cougar object
cougar organism
cougar vertebrate
cougar whole
cougar wildcat
cough abstraction
cough cognition
cough entity
cough evidence
cough information
cough symptom
cough exhaust
council abstraction
council entity
council group
council organization
council unit
council abstraction
council assembly
council entity
council gathering
council group
council abstraction
council entity
council gathering
council group
council meeting
councilman associate
councilman entity
councilman member
councilman object
councilman organism
councilman peer
councilman person
councilman whole
counselor adviser
counselor authority
counselor entity
counselor expert
counselor object
counselor organism
counselor person
counselor whole
counselor entity
counselor leader
counselor object
counselor organism
counselor person
counselor superior
counselor supervisor
counselor whole
count abstraction
count entity
count measure
count number
count abstraction
count act
count activity
count entity
count event
count investigation
count work
count aristocrat
count entity
count leader
count lord
count object
count organism
count person
count whole
count determine
count be
count recite
count repeat
count utter
count categorize
count classify
count reason
count think
count evaluate
count include
count see
count think
count be
count accept
count believe
count evaluate
count think
count trust
counter artifact
counter entity
counter furnishing
counter furniture
counter instrumentality
counter object
counter table
counter whole
counter artifact
counter entity
counter equipment
counter instrumentality
counter object
counter whole
counter artifact
counter calculator
counter device
counter entity
counter instrumentality
counter machine
counter object
counter whole
counter entity
counter object
counter organism
counter person
counter whole
counter artifact
counter device
counter entity
counter instrumentality
counter object
counter register
counter whole
counter abstraction
counter entity
counter leather
counter material
counter matter
counter object
counter part
counter piece
counter relation
counter substance
counter answer
counter express
counter state
counteract adjust
counteract balance
counteract cancel
counteract change
counteract match
counterattack abstraction
counterattack act
counterattack activity
counterattack attack
counterattack entity
counterattack event
counterattack operation
counterattack abstraction
counterattack act
counterattack activity
counterattack attack
counterattack entity
counterattack event
counterattack turn
counterattack attack
counterattack contend
counterfeit artifact
counterfeit copy
counterfeit creation
counterfeit entity
counterfeit imitation
counterfeit object
counterfeit representation
counterfeit whole
countermeasure abstraction
countermeasure act
countermeasure action
countermeasure choice
countermeasure decision
countermeasure entity
countermeasure event
countermeasure maneuver
countermeasure measure
countermeasure move
counteroffensive abstraction
counteroffensive act
counteroffensive activity
counteroffensive entity
counteroffensive event
counteroffensive offense
counteroffensive operation
counterpart abstraction
counterpart cognition
counterpart entity
counterpart equivalent
counterpart artifact
counterpart copy
counterpart creation
counterpart duplicate
counterpart entity
counterpart object
counterpart representation
counterpart whole
countersign contract
countersign declare
countersign express
countersign promise
countersign sign
countersign state
counterweight artifact
counterweight entity
counterweight object
counterweight weight
counterweight whole
counterweight contrast
counterweight differ
counterweight oppose
countess aristocrat
countess entity
countess lady
countess leader
countess object
countess organism
countess person
countess whole
country district
country entity
country location
country object
country region
country entity
country location
country object
country region
countryman compatriot
countryman entity
countryman national
countryman object
countryman organism
countryman person
countryman whole
countryman commoner
countryman entity
countryman object
countryman organism
countryman person
countryman rustic
countryman whole
countryside country
countryside entity
countryside location
countryside object
countryside region
county entity
county location
county object
county region
county district
county entity
county location
county object
county region
coup abstraction
coup accomplishment
coup act
coup action
coup attainment
coup entity
coup event
coup success
coupe artifact
coupe car
coupe container
coupe conveyance
coupe entity
coupe instrumentality
coupe object
coupe vehicle
coupe whole
couple abstraction
couple entity
couple gathering
couple group
couple pair
couple abstraction
couple entity
couple family
couple group
couple kin
couple abstraction
couple entity
couple measure
couple abstraction
couple digit
couple entity
couple integer
couple measure
couple number
couple two
couple entity
couple thing
couple unit
couple attach
couple connect
coupling artifact
coupling device
coupling entity
coupling instrumentality
coupling mechanism
coupling object
coupling whole
coupling entity
coupling process
coupon abstraction
coupon communication
coupon document
coupon entity
coupon writing
coupon abstraction
coupon cognition
coupon entity
coupon example
coupon information
coupon sample
courage abstraction
courage attribute
courage character
courage entity
courage spirit
courage trait
course abstraction
course act
course activity
course education
course entity
course event
course abstraction
course arrangement
course entity
course group
course series
course direction
course entity
course line
course location
course object
course path
course abstraction
course act
course action
course entity
course event
course entity
course food
course matter
course substance
course artifact
course entity
course layer
course object
course whole
course artifact
course entity
course facility
course object
course whole
course pass
course travel
course traverse
course capture
course get
course hunt
court abstraction
court assembly
court entity
court gathering
court group
court area
court artifact
court entity
court object
court room
court structure
court whole
court abstraction
court entity
court government
court group
court organization
court entity
court location
court object
court region
court tract
court abstraction
court entity
court gathering
court group
court abstraction
court assembly
court court
court entity
court gathering
court group
court artifact
court building
court dwelling
court entity
court house
court housing
court object
court residence
court structure
court whole
court area
court artifact
court entity
court object
court structure
court whole
court abstraction
court act
court action
court deference
court entity
court event
court politeness
court act
courtesy abstraction
courtesy act
courtesy action
courtesy entity
courtesy event
courtesy politeness
courtesy abstraction
courtesy communication
courtesy entity
courtesy message
courtesy remark
courtesy statement
courtesy abstraction
courtesy attribute
courtesy entity
courtesy manner
courtesy trait
courthouse artifact
courthouse building
courthouse entity
courthouse object
courthouse structure
courthouse whole
courthouse artifact
courthouse building
courthouse entity
courthouse house
courthouse object
courthouse structure
courthouse whole
courtier assistant
courtier attendant
courtier entity
courtier object
courtier organism
courtier person
courtier whole
courtier worker
courtliness abstraction
courtliness attribute
courtliness elegance
courtliness entity
courtliness quality
courtship abstraction
courtship act
courtship entity
courtship event
courtship request
cousin entity
cousin object
cousin organism
cousin person
cousin relative
cousin whole
couture abstraction
couture act
couture activity
couture dressmaking
couture entity
couture event
couture occupation
couture trade
cove entity
cove inlet
cove thing
cove cave
cove entity
cove object
covenant abstraction
covenant agreement
covenant communication
covenant document
covenant entity
covenant message
covenant statement
covenant writing
covenant abstraction
covenant agreement
covenant communication
covenant entity
covenant message
covenant statement
covenant declare
covenant express
covenant pledge
covenant promise
covenant state
covenant declare
covenant express
covenant pledge
covenant promise
covenant state
cover abstraction
cover act
cover activity
cover entity
cover event
cover abstraction
cover act
cover activity
cover attack
cover entity
cover event
cover fire
cover operation
cover artifact
cover device
cover entity
cover instrumentality
cover object
cover recording
cover whole
cover abstraction
cover act
cover activity
cover entity
cover event
cover touch
cover be
cover equal
cover match
cover meet
cover satisfy
cover act
cover broach
cover communicate
cover interact
cover talk
cover defend
cover prevent
cover protect
cover defend
cover prevent
cover protect
cover hide
cover defend
cover prevent
cover protect
cover confirm
cover see
cover verify
cover accept
cover act
cover approve
cover authorize
cover back
cover guarantee
cover permit
cover react
cover adjust
cover balance
cover change
cover compensate
cover match
cover change
cover enable
cover substitute
cover succeed
cover be
cover hide
cover deploy
cover move
cover play
cover position
cover put
cover defend
cover prevent
cover protect
cover change
cover dress
coverage abstraction
coverage assets
coverage entity
coverage possession
coverage relation
coverage sum
coverage abstraction
coverage attribute
coverage entity
coverage extent
coverage magnitude
coverage property
coverage abstraction
coverage communication
coverage entity
coverage information
coverage message
coverage news
covering entity
covering object
covering whole
covering artifact
covering entity
covering object
covering whole
covering abstraction
covering act
covering activity
covering entity
covering event
covering protection
covert abstraction
covert entity
covert flock
covert group
cow animal
cow bovine
cow cattle
cow entity
cow mammal
cow object
cow organism
cow vertebrate
cow whole
cow animal
cow entity
cow mammal
cow object
cow organism
cow vertebrate
cow whole
cow entity
cow object
cow organism
cow person
cow whole
coward entity
coward object
coward organism
coward person
coward whole
cowardice abstraction
cowardice attribute
cowardice character
cowardice entity
cowardice spirit
cowardice trait
cowboy employee
cowboy entity
cowboy laborer
cowboy object
cowboy organism
cowboy person
cowboy whole
cowboy worker
cowboy workman
cowboy entertainer
cowboy entity
cowboy object
cowboy organism
cowboy performer
cowboy person
cowboy whole
cowboy adventurer
cowboy entity
cowboy object
cowboy organism
cowboy person
cowboy whole
cowgirl cowboy
cowgirl employee
cowgirl entity
cowgirl laborer
cowgirl object
cowgirl organism
cowgirl person
cowgirl whole
cowgirl worker
cowgirl workman
coyote animal
coyote canine
coyote carnivore
coyote entity
coyote mammal
coyote object
coyote organism
coyote vertebrate
coyote whole
coyote wolf
coyote criminal
coyote entity
coyote object
coyote organism
coyote person
coyote principal
coyote whole
coyote defender
coyote entity
coyote object
coyote official
coyote organism
coyote person
coyote whole
coyote worker
crab animal
crab crustacean
crab entity
crab invertebrate
crab object
crab organism
crab whole
crab entity
crab object
crab organism
crab person
crab whole
crab entity
crab food
crab matter
crab seafood
crab shellfish
crab solid
crab abstraction
crab act
crab activity
crab diversion
crab entity
crab event
crab rowing
crab sport
crab control
crab steer
crab run
crab travel
crab catch
crab fish
crab seize
crab take
crack abstraction
crack attribute
crack entity
crack location
crack object
crack opening
crack shape
crack space
crack abstraction
crack entity
crack event
crack happening
crack noise
crack sound
crack abstraction
crack appearance
crack attribute
crack blemish
crack entity
crack quality
crack agent
crack cocaine
crack drug
crack entity
crack matter
crack narcotic
crack substance
crack abstraction
crack act
crack activity
crack attempt
crack entity
crack event
crack change
crack sound
crack hit
crack touch
crack change
crack crack
crack act
crack interact
crack relate
crack trespass
crack act
crack communicate
crack inform
crack interact
crack tell
crack change
crack decompose
crack separate
crack change
cracker bread
cracker entity
cracker food
cracker foodstuff
cracker matter
cracker solid
cracker substance
cracker engineer
cracker entity
cracker object
cracker organism
cracker person
cracker programmer
cracker whole
cracker entity
cracker keepsake
cracker object
cracking entity
cracking process
cradle artifact
cradle entity
cradle furnishing
cradle furniture
cradle instrumentality
cradle object
cradle whole
cradle abstraction
cradle beginning
cradle birth
cradle entity
cradle measure
cradle point
cradle hold
cradle rear
cradle hold
cradle cut
cradle move
cradle separate
cradle change
cradle clean
cradle wash
cradle compete
cradle play
craft artifact
craft conveyance
craft entity
craft instrumentality
craft object
craft vehicle
craft whole
craft abstraction
craft class
craft entity
craft group
craft people
craft ability
craft abstraction
craft cognition
craft entity
craft skill
craft ability
craft abstraction
craft cognition
craft entity
craft intelligence
craft fashion
craft make
craftiness abstraction
craftiness attribute
craftiness dishonesty
craftiness entity
craftiness immorality
craftiness quality
craftsman adult
craftsman entity
craftsman object
craftsman organism
craftsman person
craftsman professional
craftsman whole
craftsman creator
craftsman entity
craftsman object
craftsman organism
craftsman person
craftsman whole
craftsman entity
craftsman object
craftsman organism
craftsman person
craftsman whole
craftsman worker
cram move
cram put
cram learn
cram study
cram change
cram fix
crammer entity
crammer object
crammer organism
crammer person
crammer student
crammer whole
crammer adult
crammer coach
crammer educator
crammer entity
crammer object
crammer organism
crammer person
crammer professional
crammer teacher
crammer whole
crammer abstraction
crammer entity
crammer group
crammer institution
crammer organization
crammer school
crammer artifact
crammer book
crammer creation
crammer entity
crammer object
crammer product
crammer publication
crammer textbook
crammer whole
crammer work
cramp artifact
cramp clamp
cramp device
cramp entity
cramp instrumentality
cramp object
cramp whole
cramp artifact
cramp entity
cramp object
cramp strip
cramp whole
cramp attach
cramp connect
cramp fasten
cramp affect
cramp change
cramp experience
cramp suffer
cramp undergo
cranberry entity
cranberry object
cranberry organism
cranberry plant
cranberry shrub
cranberry whole
cranberry berry
cranberry entity
cranberry food
cranberry fruit
cranberry matter
cranberry object
cranberry produce
cranberry solid
cranberry whole
crane artifact
crane device
crane entity
crane instrumentality
crane object
crane whole
crane animal
crane bird
crane entity
crane object
crane organism
crane vertebrate
crane whole
crane affect
crane change
crane stretch
crane tense
cranium bone
cranium entity
cranium part
cranium thing
cranium tissue
crank artifact
crank entity
crank implement
crank instrumentality
crank object
crank tool
crank whole
crank start
crank move
crank rotate
crank turn
crank attach
crank connect
crank fasten
crank change
crank flex
crankshaft artifact
crankshaft entity
crankshaft implement
crankshaft instrumentality
crankshaft object
crankshaft rod
crankshaft whole
crap abstraction
crap entity
crap material
crap matter
crap part
crap relation
crap substance
crap waste
crash abstraction
crash accident
crash entity
crash event
crash happening
crash misfortune
crash mishap
crash trouble
crash abstraction
crash entity
crash event
crash happening
crash abstraction
crash act
crash entity
crash event
crash hit
crash touch
crash abstraction
crash entity
crash event
crash happening
crash misfortune
crash mishap
crash trouble
crash descend
crash travel
crash move
crash collide
crash hit
crash touch
crash pass
crash travel
crash change
crash be
crash occupy
crash populate
crash sound
crash collide
crash move
crash throw
crash change
crash fail
crate artifact
crate box
crate container
crate entity
crate instrumentality
crate object
crate whole
crate abstraction
crate entity
crate measure
crate enclose
crate surround
crate touch
crater entity
crater object
crave desire
crave appeal
crave beg
crave communicate
crave convey
crave move
crave plead
crave request
crave transfer
crawl abstraction
crawl act
crawl action
crawl change
crawl entity
crawl event
crawl motion
crawl abstraction
crawl act
crawl action
crawl change
crawl entity
crawl event
crawl locomotion
crawl motion
crawl stroke
crawl abstraction
crawl act
crawl action
crawl change
crawl entity
crawl event
crawl locomotion
crawl motion
crawl travel
crawl be
crawl feel
crawl look
crawl be
crawl hum
crawl swim
crawl travel
crawler entity
crawler object
crawler organism
crawler person
crawler whole
crayfish entity
crayfish food
crayfish matter
crayfish seafood
crayfish shellfish
crayfish solid
crayfish animal
crayfish crustacean
crayfish entity
crayfish invertebrate
crayfish object
crayfish organism
crayfish whole
crayon artifact
crayon entity
crayon implement
crayon instrumentality
crayon object
crayon whole
crayon draw
crayon make
crayon represent
craze abstraction
craze attribute
craze condition
craze disorder
craze entity
craze mania
craze state
craze abstraction
craze appearance
craze attribute
craze blemish
craze crack
craze entity
craze quality
craze change
craze crack
craziness abstraction
craziness attribute
craziness condition
craziness entity
craziness insanity
craziness state
crazy entity
crazy lunatic
crazy object
crazy organism
crazy person
crazy unfortunate
crazy whole
cream abstraction
cream class
cream elite
cream entity
cream group
cream people
cream entity
cream food
cream foodstuff
cream matter
cream substance
cream artifact
cream entity
cream instrumentality
cream object
cream whole
cream agitate
cream beat
cream move
cream beat
cream cover
cream change
cream modify
create act
create appoint
create make
creation abstraction
creation act
creation activity
creation entity
creation event
creation artifact
creation entity
creation object
creation whole
creation abstraction
creation beginning
creation entity
creation event
creation happening
creationism abstraction
creationism belief
creationism cognition
creationism content
creationism doctrine
creationism entity
creativity ability
creativity abstraction
creativity cognition
creativity entity
creator entity
creator object
creator organism
creator person
creator whole
creature entity
creature object
creature organism
creature person
creature whole
creature entity
creature object
creature organism
creature person
creature slave
creature whole
credence abstraction
credence attitude
credence cognition
credence entity
credibility abstraction
credibility attribute
credibility entity
credibility quality
credit abstraction
credit assets
credit entity
credit possession
credit relation
credit abstraction
credit accounting
credit communication
credit document
credit entity
credit entry
credit record
credit register
credit abstraction
credit accomplishment
credit act
credit action
credit entity
credit event
credit abstraction
credit cost
credit entity
credit payment
credit possession
credit relation
credit abstraction
credit accomplishment
credit act
credit action
credit attainment
credit entity
credit event
credit abstraction
credit communication
credit entity
credit heading
credit line
credit matter
credit text
credit title
credit writing
credit evaluate
credit think
credit account
credit accept
credit believe
credit evaluate
credit think
credit trust
creditor entity
creditor object
creditor organism
creditor person
creditor whole
creed abstraction
creed belief
creed cognition
creed content
creed doctrine
creed entity
creek entity
creek object
creek organism
creek person
creek whole
creep entity
creep object
creep organism
creep person
creep whole
creep abstraction
creep entity
creep event
creep happening
creep movement
creep area
creep artifact
creep enclosure
creep entity
creep object
creep pen
creep structure
creep whole
creep diffuse
creep spread
creeper entity
creeper object
creeper organism
creeper plant
creeper whole
creeper animal
creeper bird
creeper entity
creeper object
creeper organism
creeper vertebrate
creeper whole
cremate burn
cremate destroy
cremation abstraction
cremation act
cremation action
cremation burning
cremation change
cremation entity
cremation event
cremation incineration
crematory artifact
crematory building
crematory entity
crematory object
crematory structure
crematory whole
crematory area
crematory artifact
crematory chamber
crematory enclosure
crematory entity
crematory furnace
crematory object
crematory structure
crematory whole
creole entity
creole inhabitant
creole object
creole organism
creole person
creole whole
creole entity
creole inhabitant
creole object
creole organism
creole person
creole whole
creole abstraction
creole communication
creole entity
creole language
crescent abstraction
crescent attribute
crescent curve
crescent entity
crescent line
crescent shape
crest entity
crest line
crest location
crest object
crest artifact
crest decoration
crest design
crest emblem
crest entity
crest object
crest whole
crest entity
crest part
crest process
crest thing
crest reach
crevasse abstraction
crevasse attribute
crevasse crack
crevasse entity
crevasse location
crevasse object
crevasse opening
crevasse shape
crevasse space
crevice abstraction
crevice attribute
crevice depression
crevice entity
crevice shape
crevice solid
crew abstraction
crew entity
crew group
crew organization
crew unit
crew abstraction
crew entity
crew group
crew organization
crew team
crew unit
crew give
crew man
crew provide
crew staff
crew transfer
cricket animal
cricket entity
cricket insect
cricket invertebrate
cricket object
cricket organism
cricket whole
cricket abstraction
cricket act
cricket activity
cricket diversion
cricket entity
cricket event
cricket game
cricket sport
cricket compete
cricket play
crime abstraction
crime act
crime activity
crime entity
crime event
crime transgression
crime abstraction
crime act
crime activity
crime entity
crime event
crime transgression
criminal entity
criminal object
criminal organism
criminal person
criminal principal
criminal whole
criminology abstraction
criminology cognition
criminology content
criminology discipline
criminology entity
criminology science
criminology sociology
crimp criminal
crimp entity
crimp kidnapper
crimp object
crimp organism
crimp person
crimp principal
crimp whole
crimp covering
crimp entity
crimp hair
crimp lock
crimp object
crimp whole
crimp change
crimp fold
crimp curl
crimp move
crimp turn
crimp twist
crimson abstraction
crimson attribute
crimson color
crimson entity
crimson property
crimson red
cripple entity
cripple object
cripple organism
cripple person
cripple whole
cripple change
cripple weaken
cripple change
cripple hurt
cripple injure
crisis abstraction
crisis attribute
crisis condition
crisis difficulty
crisis entity
crisis situation
crisis state
crisis abstraction
crisis entity
crisis event
crisis happening
crisis juncture
critic adult
critic entity
critic object
critic organism
critic person
critic professional
critic whole
critic authority
critic entity
critic expert
critic object
critic organism
critic person
critic whole
critic entity
critic object
critic organism
critic person
critic whole
criticism abstraction
criticism communication
criticism disapproval
criticism entity
criticism message
criticism abstraction
criticism appraisal
criticism classification
criticism cognition
criticism entity
criticism process
criticism abstraction
criticism communication
criticism entity
criticism writing
criticize act
criticize serve
criticize work
critter animal
critter entity
critter object
critter organism
critter whole
crochet artifact
crochet creation
crochet entity
crochet object
crochet whole
crochet make
crochet connect
crochet join
crochet knit
crochet loop
crock abstraction
crock communication
crock entity
crock message
crock nonsense
crock artifact
crock container
crock entity
crock instrumentality
crock jar
crock object
crock vessel
crock whole
crock diffuse
crock run
crock spread
crock change
crock dirty
crockery article
crockery artifact
crockery entity
crockery object
crockery ware
crockery whole
crocodile animal
crocodile entity
crocodile object
crocodile organism
crocodile reptile
crocodile vertebrate
crocodile whole
crook artifact
crook entity
crook implement
crook instrumentality
crook object
crook staff
crook stick
crook whole
crook bend
crook change
crop abstraction
crop act
crop commerce
crop entity
crop event
crop industry
crop output
crop production
crop transaction
crop entity
crop object
crop organism
crop plant
crop whole
crop abstraction
crop collection
crop entity
crop group
crop artifact
crop creation
crop entity
crop object
crop product
crop whole
crop entity
crop handle
crop object
crop part
crop change
crop cut
crop shorten
crop bear
crop make
crop feed
crop give
crop provide
crop transfer
crop consume
crop feed
croquet abstraction
croquet act
croquet activity
croquet diversion
croquet entity
croquet event
croquet game
croquet sport
croquet hit
croquet move
croquet compete
croquet play
croquette dish
croquette entity
croquette food
croquette matter
croquette substance
cross artifact
cross entity
cross object
cross structure
cross whole
cross artifact
cross decoration
cross design
cross emblem
cross entity
cross object
cross whole
cross abstraction
cross adversity
cross affliction
cross attribute
cross condition
cross entity
cross fortune
cross misfortune
cross state
cross change
cross fold
cross be
cross cover
cross intersect
cross meet
cross change
cross mark
cross trace
cross write
crossbow artifact
crossbow bow
crossbow device
crossbow entity
crossbow instrumentality
crossbow instrument
crossbow object
crossbow weapon
crossbow whole
crossbreed breed
crossbreed produce
crossfire abstraction
crossfire communication
crossfire conversation
crossfire entity
crossfire speech
crossfire abstraction
crossfire act
crossfire activity
crossfire attack
crossfire entity
crossfire event
crossfire fire
crossfire operation
crossing abstraction
crossing act
crossing action
crossing change
crossing entity
crossing event
crossing motion
crossing travel
crossing entity
crossing location
crossing object
crossing point
crossing artifact
crossing entity
crossing object
crossing path
crossing way
crossing whole
crossing abstraction
crossing act
crossing action
crossing change
crossing entity
crossing event
crossing journey
crossing motion
crossing travel
crossing voyage
crossover abstraction
crossover act
crossover appropriation
crossover borrowing
crossover entity
crossover event
crossroads abstraction
crossroads cognition
crossroads content
crossroads entity
crossroads overlap
crossroads representation
crow animal
crow bird
crow entity
crow object
crow organism
crow vertebrate
crow whole
crow abstraction
crow cry
crow entity
crow event
crow happening
crow sound
crow entity
crow object
crow organism
crow person
crow whole
crow abstraction
crow communication
crow entity
crow language
crow utter
crowbar artifact
crowbar bar
crowbar entity
crowbar implement
crowbar instrumentality
crowbar lever
crowbar object
crowbar whole
crowd abstraction
crowd entity
crowd gathering
crowd group
crowd abstraction
crowd entity
crowd gathering
crowd group
crowd be
crowd occupy
crowd act
crowd interact
crowd meet
crown abstraction
crown communication
crown entity
crown signal
crown symbol
crown entity
crown location
crown object
crown region
crown top
crown abstraction
crown arrangement
crown artifact
crown decoration
crown entity
crown group
crown object
crown whole
crown wreath
crown artifact
crown clothing
crown commodity
crown covering
crown entity
crown equipment
crown gear
crown headdress
crown instrumentality
crown object
crown whole
crown entity
crown extremity
crown location
crown object
crown region
crown vertex
crown abstraction
crown coinage
crown coin
crown currency
crown entity
crown measure
crown standard
crown entity
crown location
crown object
crown region
crown top
crown artifact
crown device
crown entity
crown instrumentality
crown object
crown whole
crown boundary
crown entity
crown extremity
crown location
crown object
crown region
crown side
crown surface
crown top
crown install
crown invest
crown culminate
crown end
crown be
crown head
crown lie
crown cover
crucible artifact
crucible container
crucible entity
crucible instrumentality
crucible object
crucible vessel
crucible whole
crucifix artifact
crucifix cross
crucifix decoration
crucifix design
crucifix emblem
crucifix entity
crucifix object
crucifix whole
crucifix abstraction
crucifix act
crucifix activity
crucifix effort
crucifix entity
crucifix event
crucifix exercise
crucifix labor
crucifix work
crucifixion abstraction
crucifixion act
crucifixion entity
crucifixion event
crucifixion execution
crucifixion punishment
crucifixion abstraction
crucifixion act
crucifixion activity
crucifixion entity
crucifixion event
crucifixion maltreatment
crucifixion persecution
crucifixion practice
crucifixion torture
cruelty abstraction
cruelty act
cruelty activity
cruelty entity
cruelty event
cruelty maltreatment
cruelty practice
cruelty abstraction
cruelty attribute
cruelty entity
cruelty feeling
cruelty heartlessness
cruelty state
cruelty abstraction
cruelty attribute
cruelty entity
cruelty evil
cruelty immorality
cruelty quality
cruise abstraction
cruise act
cruise action
cruise change
cruise entity
cruise event
cruise motion
cruise travel
cruise examine
cruise search
cruise travel
cruise voyage
cruiser artifact
cruiser car
cruiser container
cruiser conveyance
cruiser entity
cruiser instrumentality
cruiser object
cruiser vehicle
cruiser whole
cruiser artifact
cruiser conveyance
cruiser craft
cruiser entity
cruiser instrumentality
cruiser object
cruiser ship
cruiser vehicle
cruiser vessel
cruiser warship
cruiser whole
crumb abstraction
crumb entity
crumb measure
crumb abstraction
crumb entity
crumb measure
crumb taste
crumb coat
crumb cover
crumb break
crumb change
crumb remove
crusade abstraction
crusade act
crusade activity
crusade campaign
crusade entity
crusade event
crusade expedition
crusade operation
crusade advertise
crusade evaluate
crusade measure
crusade praise
crusade think
crusade campaign
crusader entity
crusader object
crusader organism
crusader person
crusader warrior
crusader whole
crush abstraction
crush crowd
crush entity
crush gathering
crush group
crush abstraction
crush act
crush compression
crush entity
crush event
crush press
crush propulsion
crush push
crush break
crush change
crush arouse
crush humiliate
crush hurt
crush make
crush break
crush change
crusher artifact
crusher device
crusher entity
crusher instrumentality
crusher object
crusher whole
crust entity
crust layer
crust location
crust object
crust region
crust covering
crust entity
crust object
crust whole
crust abstraction
crust attribute
crust entity
crust manner
crust trait
crust change
crustacean animal
crustacean entity
crustacean invertebrate
crustacean object
crustacean organism
crustacean whole
crutch artifact
crutch entity
crutch implement
crutch instrumentality
crutch object
crutch staff
crutch stick
crutch whole
crutch abstraction
crutch act
crutch entity
crutch event
crutch expedient
crutch implementation
crutch means
crux abstraction
crux communication
crux entity
crux meaning
crux message
crux point
cry abstraction
cry communication
cry entity
cry utterance
cry abstraction
cry communication
cry entity
cry utterance
cry abstraction
cry communication
cry demonstration
cry entity
cry expression
cry abstraction
cry entity
cry event
cry happening
cry sound
cry act
cry announce
cry communicate
cry inform
cry interact
cry be
cry want
cry utter
cry change
crying entity
crying process
crypt area
crypt artifact
crypt chamber
crypt enclosure
crypt entity
crypt grave
crypt location
crypt object
crypt point
crypt structure
crypt whole
cryptography abstraction
cryptography act
cryptography activity
cryptography entity
cryptography event
cryptography writing
crystal entity
crystal matter
crystal solid
crystal component
crystal entity
crystal object
crystal part
crystal entity
crystal object
crystal rock
crystal whole
crystal article
crystal artifact
crystal entity
crystal glassware
crystal object
crystal ware
crystal whole
crystal artifact
crystal covering
crystal entity
crystal object
crystal whole
crystallize change
crystallize shape
crystallize change
crystallize solidify
cub entity
cub novice
cub object
cub organism
cub person
cub whole
cub entity
cub male
cub object
cub organism
cub person
cub whole
cub animal
cub entity
cub object
cub organism
cub whole
cub young
cub make
cub produce
cube abstraction
cube attribute
cube entity
cube shape
cube solid
cube abstraction
cube entity
cube measure
cube number
cube entity
cube object
cube organism
cube plant
cube shrub
cube whole
cube artifact
cube block
cube entity
cube object
cube whole
cube calculate
cube multiply
cube reason
cube think
cube cut
cube move
cube separate
cubism abstraction
cubism entity
cubism group
cubism movement
cuckoo animal
cuckoo bird
cuckoo entity
cuckoo object
cuckoo organism
cuckoo vertebrate
cuckoo whole
cuckoo repeat
cuckoo utter
cucumber entity
cucumber gourd
cucumber melon
cucumber object
cucumber organism
cucumber plant
cucumber vine
cucumber whole
cucumber entity
cucumber food
cucumber matter
cucumber produce
cucumber solid
cucumber vegetable
cuddle abstraction
cuddle act
cuddle activity
cuddle clasp
cuddle control
cuddle embrace
cuddle entity
cuddle event
cuddle grasping
cuddle hold
cuddle clasp
cuddle embrace
cuddle grasp
cuddle hold
cue abstraction
cue communication
cue entity
cue line
cue matter
cue text
cue writing
cue artifact
cue entity
cue implement
cue instrumentality
cue object
cue whole
cuff artifact
cuff covering
cuff entity
cuff flap
cuff lap
cuff object
cuff whole
cuff slap
cuff strike
cuff touch
cuisine abstraction
cuisine act
cuisine action
cuisine change
cuisine cooking
cuisine entity
cuisine event
culminate end
culminate change
culminate end
culminate achieve
culminate succeed
culminate reach
culminate change
culminate form
culmination entity
culmination location
culmination object
culmination point
cult abstraction
cult entity
cult group
cult institution
cult organization
cult religion
cult abstraction
cult entity
cult group
cult institution
cult organization
cult religion
cult abstraction
cult attribute
cult belief
cult cognition
cult content
cult entity
cult good
cult morality
cult quality
cult religion
cult virtue
cult abstraction
cult attribute
cult belief
cult cognition
cult content
cult entity
cult good
cult morality
cult quality
cult religion
cult virtue
cultist entity
cultist follower
cultist object
cultist organism
cultist person
cultist whole
cultist entity
cultist follower
cultist object
cultist organism
cultist person
cultist whole
cultivate change
cultivate fix
cultivation abstraction
cultivation act
cultivation entity
cultivation event
cultivation socialization
cultivation abstraction
cultivation act
cultivation commerce
cultivation entity
cultivation event
cultivation industry
cultivation production
cultivation transaction
cultivation entity
cultivation growth
cultivation process
cultivation abstraction
cultivation act
cultivation commerce
cultivation entity
cultivation event
cultivation industry
cultivation production
cultivation transaction
cultivator artifact
cultivator device
cultivator entity
cultivator instrumentality
cultivator machine
cultivator object
cultivator whole
culture abstraction
culture entity
culture group
culture society
culture abstraction
culture cognition
culture discrimination
culture entity
culture process
culture taste
culture entity
culture growth
culture process
culture abstraction
culture attitude
culture cognition
culture entity
culture abstraction
culture act
culture commerce
culture cultivation
culture entity
culture event
culture industry
culture production
culture transaction
culture change
culture develop
culture grow
cumin entity
cumin herb
cumin object
cumin organism
cumin plant
cumin whole
cumin entity
cumin fruit
cumin object
cumin seed
cumin whole
cummerbund artifact
cummerbund band
cummerbund entity
cummerbund girdle
cummerbund object
cummerbund strip
cummerbund whole
cumulus cloud
cumulus entity
cumulus phenomenon
cumulus process
cunnilingus entity
cunnilingus perversion
cunnilingus process
cunning abstraction
cunning attribute
cunning dishonesty
cunning entity
cunning immorality
cunning quality
cunt entity
cunt object
cunt organism
cunt person
cunt whole
cunt entity
cunt genitalia
cunt organ
cunt part
cunt thing
cup article
cup artifact
cup container
cup crockery
cup entity
cup instrumentality
cup object
cup ware
cup whole
cup abstraction
cup entity
cup measure
cup abstraction
cup attribute
cup entity
cup shape
cup solid
cup abstraction
cup entity
cup measure
cup entity
cup object
cup whole
cup abstraction
cup agent
cup alcohol
cup beverage
cup drug
cup entity
cup fluid
cup food
cup liquid
cup matter
cup part
cup punch
cup relation
cup substance
cup artifact
cup entity
cup hole
cup object
cup opening
cup whole
cup abstraction
cup award
cup communication
cup entity
cup signal
cup symbol
cup trophy
cup change
cup shape
cup insert
cup move
cup put
cup treat
cupboard area
cupboard artifact
cupboard entity
cupboard object
cupboard structure
cupboard whole
cupid abstraction
cupid cognition
cupid emblem
cupid entity
cupid process
cupid symbol
curability abstraction
curability attribute
curability characteristic
curability entity
curability quality
curate clergyman
curate entity
curate leader
curate object
curate organism
curate person
curate whole
curator custodian
curator defender
curator entity
curator object
curator organism
curator person
curator whole
curb artifact
curb edge
curb entity
curb object
curb side
curb surface
curb whole
curb artifact
curb bit
curb entity
curb equipment
curb gear
curb instrumentality
curb object
curb whole
curb control
curb forget
curb inhibit
curb restrain
curb restrict
curb suppress
curd entity
curd food
curd foodstuff
curd matter
curd substance
curd entity
curd food
curd foodstuff
curd matter
curd substance
cure cook
cure make
cure preserve
cure change
cure harden
cure change
curfew abstraction
curfew deadline
curfew entity
curfew measure
curfew point
curfew abstraction
curfew communication
curfew entity
curfew signal
curfew abstraction
curfew act
curfew communication
curfew decree
curfew document
curfew entity
curfew writing
curiosity abstraction
curiosity attribute
curiosity condition
curiosity entity
curiosity state
curl change
curl move
curl turn
curl twist
curl compete
curl play
curling abstraction
curling act
curling activity
curling entity
curling event
curling game
currant berry
currant entity
currant food
currant fruit
currant matter
currant object
currant produce
currant solid
currant whole
currant entity
currant object
currant organism
currant plant
currant shrub
currant whole
currant entity
currant food
currant fruit
currant matter
currant object
currant produce
currant solid
currant whole
currency abstraction
currency entity
currency measure
currency standard
currency abstraction
currency attribute
currency entity
currency generality
currency prevalence
currency quality
current entity
current phenomenon
current process
current abstraction
current entity
current event
current flow
current happening
current movement
curry dish
curry entity
curry food
curry matter
curry substance
curry season
curry affect
curry change
curry process
curse abstraction
curse communication
curse entity
curse utterance
curse abstraction
curse affliction
curse entity
curse event
curse happening
curse trouble
curse express
curse abuse
curse attack
curse comment
curse express
curse knock
curse note
curse state
curse make
curse raise
cursor artifact
cursor device
cursor entity
cursor indicator
cursor instrumentality
cursor object
cursor whole
curtailment abstraction
curtailment attribute
curtailment duration
curtailment entity
curtailment property
curtailment shortness
curtain artifact
curtain blind
curtain covering
curtain entity
curtain furnishing
curtain instrumentality
curtain object
curtain whole
curtain barrier
curtain entity
curtain mechanism
curtain object
curtain whole
curtain give
curtain supply
curtain transfer
curvature abstraction
curvature attribute
curvature condition
curvature entity
curvature state
curvature abstraction
curvature calculation
curvature cognition
curvature entity
curvature process
curvature thinking
curvature abstraction
curvature attribute
curvature entity
curvature property
curvature shape
curve abstraction
curve attribute
curve entity
curve line
curve shape
curve abstraction
curve attribute
curve entity
curve line
curve shape
curve abstraction
curve act
curve entity
curve event
curve pitch
curve propulsion
curve throw
cushion artifact
cushion entity
cushion layer
cushion object
cushion whole
cushion artifact
cushion entity
cushion object
cushion whole
cushion change
cushion modify
custodian defender
custodian entity
custodian object
custodian organism
custodian person
custodian whole
custody abstraction
custody act
custody activity
custody confinement
custody control
custody entity
custody event
custody imprisonment
custody restraint
custom abstraction
custom act
custom activity
custom continuance
custom entity
custom event
custom practice
custom survival
custom abstraction
custom cognition
custom entity
custom practice
custom abstraction
custom act
custom activity
custom business
custom enterprise
custom entity
custom event
custom trade
custom undertaking
custom work
customer consumer
customer entity
customer object
customer organism
customer person
customer user
customer whole
customize change
customize construct
customize make
customs abstraction
customs charge
customs duty
customs entity
customs levy
customs possession
customs relation
customs tax
cut abstraction
cut assets
cut entity
cut possession
cut relation
cut share
cut abstraction
cut communication
cut entity
cut music
cut passage
cut section
cut transition
cut writing
cut artifact
cut ditch
cut entity
cut excavation
cut object
cut trench
cut whole
cut abstraction
cut attribute
cut entity
cut gradation
cut rank
cut state
cut status
cut abstraction
cut attribute
cut condition
cut entity
cut injury
cut state
cut wound
cut entity
cut food
cut matter
cut meat
cut solid
cut abstraction
cut communication
cut entity
cut excerpt
cut music
cut passage
cut section
cut writing
cut abstraction
cut cognition
cut discrimination
cut entity
cut fashion
cut process
cut taste
cut vogue
cut artifact
cut canal
cut entity
cut object
cut way
cut whole
cut abstraction
cut act
cut action
cut change
cut entity
cut event
cut maneuver
cut motion
cut stroke
cut abstraction
cut act
cut action
cut change
cut division
cut entity
cut event
cut separation
cut abstraction
cut act
cut action
cut change
cut entity
cut event
cut opening
cut abstraction
cut act
cut action
cut change
cut division
cut entity
cut event
cut separation
cut abstraction
cut act
cut action
cut change
cut decrease
cut entity
cut event
cut shortening
cut abstraction
cut act
cut action
cut change
cut decrease
cut entity
cut event
cut absence
cut abstraction
cut act
cut entity
cut event
cut move
cut separate
cut free
cut make
cut create
cut design
cut make
cut hit
cut touch
cut fail
cut miss
cut be
cut look
cut move
cut pass
cut travel
cut pass
cut transit
cut travel
cut switch
cut stop
cut have
cut keep
cut record
cut save
cut have
cut keep
cut record
cut save
cut produce
cut make
cut perform
cut function
cut be
cut handle
cut manipulate
cut shuffle
cut touch
cut gather
cut reap
cut cut
cut fell
cut move
cut separate
cut enter
cut penetrate
cut change
cut shorten
cut destroy
cut extinguish
cut change
cut dissolve
cut change
cut decrease
cut break
cut change
cut end
cut interrupt
cut change
cut grow
cut change
cut develop
cut grow
cut increase
cutback abstraction
cutback act
cutback action
cutback change
cutback decrease
cutback entity
cutback event
cuticle covering
cuticle entity
cuticle object
cuticle part
cuticle skin
cuticle thing
cuticle tissue
cuticle whole
cutlery article
cutlery artifact
cutlery entity
cutlery object
cutlery ware
cutlery whole
cutter consumer
cutter diner
cutter eater
cutter entity
cutter object
cutter organism
cutter person
cutter user
cutter whole
cutter entity
cutter object
cutter organism
cutter person
cutter whole
cutter worker
cutter artifact
cutter conveyance
cutter craft
cutter entity
cutter instrumentality
cutter object
cutter vehicle
cutter vessel
cutter whole
cutter artifact
cutter entity
cutter implement
cutter instrumentality
cutter object
cutter tool
cutter whole
cutthroat criminal
cutthroat entity
cutthroat killer
cutthroat murderer
cutthroat object
cutthroat organism
cutthroat person
cutthroat principal
cutthroat whole
cutting entity
cutting object
cutting stalk
cutting whole
cutting entity
cutting part
cutting thing
cutting abstraction
cutting act
cutting action
cutting change
cutting decrease
cutting dilution
cutting entity
cutting event
cutting weakening
cuttlefish animal
cuttlefish entity
cuttlefish invertebrate
cuttlefish object
cuttlefish organism
cuttlefish whole
cyan abstraction
cyan attribute
cyan color
cyan entity
cyan green
cyan property
cyanide abstraction
cyanide chemical
cyanide compound
cyanide entity
cyanide material
cyanide matter
cyanide part
cyanide relation
cyanide salt
cyanide substance
cyborg entity
cyborg machine
cyborg object
cyborg organism
cyborg person
cyborg whole
cycle abstraction
cycle entity
cycle measure
cycle abstraction
cycle arrangement
cycle entity
cycle group
cycle series
cycle abstraction
cycle entity
cycle event
cycle happening
cycle repeat
cycle abstraction
cycle entity
cycle event
cycle happening
cycle pass
cycle travel
cycle happen
cycle recur
cycling abstraction
cycling act
cycling activity
cycling diversion
cycling entity
cycling event
cycling sport
cyclist entity
cyclist object
cyclist organism
cyclist person
cyclist rider
cyclist traveler
cyclist whole
cyclone atmosphere
cyclone entity
cyclone phenomenon
cyclone process
cyclone weather
cyclone entity
cyclone phenomenon
cyclone process
cyclone storm
cyclone windstorm
cylinder abstraction
cylinder attribute
cylinder entity
cylinder shape
cylinder solid
cylinder abstraction
cylinder attribute
cylinder entity
cylinder shape
cylinder area
cylinder artifact
cylinder chamber
cylinder enclosure
cylinder entity
cylinder object
cylinder structure
cylinder whole
cylinder artifact
cylinder container
cylinder entity
cylinder instrumentality
cylinder object
cylinder whole
cymbal artifact
cymbal device
cymbal entity
cymbal instrumentality
cymbal object
cymbal whole
cypress abstraction
cypress entity
cypress material
cypress matter
cypress part
cypress relation
cypress substance
cypress wood
cypress conifer
cypress entity
cypress object
cypress organism
cypress plant
cypress tree
cypress whole
cyst abstraction
cyst attribute
cyst condition
cyst entity
cyst pathology
cyst state
cytoplasm abstraction
cytoplasm entity
cytoplasm matter
cytoplasm part
cytoplasm relation
cytoplasm substance
czar entity
czar negotiator
czar object
czar organism
czar person
czar representative
czar ruler
czar sovereign
czar whole
czar dictator
czar entity
czar object
czar organism
czar person
czar ruler
czar tyrant
czar whole
dab abstraction
dab entity
dab measure
dab cover
dab strike
dab touch
dachshund animal
dachshund canine
dachshund carnivore
dachshund dog
dachshund entity
dachshund mammal
dachshund object
dachshund organism
dachshund vertebrate
dachshund whole
dad ancestor
dad entity
dad father
dad object
dad organism
dad parent
dad person
dad relative
dad whole
daffodil entity
daffodil object
daffodil organism
daffodil plant
daffodil whole
dagger artifact
dagger device
dagger entity
dagger instrumentality
dagger instrument
dagger knife
dagger object
dagger weapon
dagger whole
dagger abstraction
dagger character
dagger communication
dagger entity
dagger signal
dagger symbol
daily artifact
daily entity
daily instrumentality
daily medium
daily newspaper
daily object
daily press
daily whole
dainty entity
dainty food
dainty matter
dainty substance
dairy entity
dairy farm
dairy location
dairy object
dairy point
dairy workplace
daisy entity
daisy flower
daisy object
daisy organism
daisy plant
daisy whole
dalmatian entity
dalmatian inhabitant
dalmatian object
dalmatian organism
dalmatian person
dalmatian whole
dalmatian animal
dalmatian canine
dalmatian carnivore
dalmatian dog
dalmatian entity
dalmatian mammal
dalmatian object
dalmatian organism
dalmatian vertebrate
dalmatian whole
dam artifact
dam barrier
dam entity
dam object
dam obstruction
dam structure
dam whole
dam animal
dam entity
dam female
dam object
dam organism
dam whole
dam impede
dam obstruct
dam prevent
damage abstraction
damage change
damage entity
damage event
damage happening
damage abstraction
damage casualty
damage change
damage decrease
damage entity
damage event
damage happening
damage abstraction
damage act
damage action
damage change
damage entity
damage event
damage change
damages abstraction
damages compensation
damages cost
damages entity
damages payment
damages possession
damages relation
dame adult
dame entity
dame female
dame girl
dame object
dame organism
dame person
dame whole
dame woman
dame adult
dame entity
dame female
dame object
dame organism
dame person
dame whole
dame woman
damn abstraction
damn attribute
damn entity
damn quality
damnation abstraction
damnation act
damnation entity
damnation event
damnation abstraction
damnation attribute
damnation entity
damnation state
damned abstraction
damned entity
damned group
damned people
damp abstraction
damp attribute
damp condition
damp entity
damp state
damp wetness
damp control
damp forget
damp inhibit
damp restrain
damp suppress
damsel adult
damsel entity
damsel female
damsel girl
damsel maid
damsel object
damsel organism
damsel person
damsel whole
damsel woman
dance art
dance artifact
dance creation
dance entity
dance object
dance whole
dance abstraction
dance entity
dance gathering
dance group
dance party
dance abstraction
dance affair
dance entity
dance event
dance party
dance move
dancer entertainer
dancer entity
dancer object
dancer organism
dancer performer
dancer person
dancer whole
dancer entity
dancer object
dancer organism
dancer person
dancer whole
dancing abstraction
dancing act
dancing activity
dancing cognition
dancing content
dancing discipline
dancing diversion
dancing entity
dancing event
dandelion entity
dandelion herb
dandelion object
dandelion organism
dandelion plant
dandelion whole
dandruff abstraction
dandruff attribute
dandruff condition
dandruff disease
dandruff entity
dandruff illness
dandruff state
dandruff bit
dandruff entity
dandruff fragment
dandruff part
dandruff scale
dandruff thing
dandy adult
dandy entity
dandy male
dandy man
dandy object
dandy organism
dandy person
dandy whole
danger abstraction
danger attribute
danger condition
danger entity
danger state
danger entity
danger area
danger entity
danger location
danger object
danger region
dangle hang
dangle attach
dangle connect
dangle fasten
dangle hang
dangle suspend
dankness abstraction
dankness attribute
dankness condition
dankness damp
dankness entity
dankness state
dankness wetness
dare abstraction
dare act
dare challenge
dare entity
dare event
dare act
daredevil adventurer
daredevil entity
daredevil object
daredevil organism
daredevil person
daredevil whole
dark abstraction
dark attribute
dark entity
dark illumination
dark state
dark abstraction
dark cognition
dark content
dark entity
dark ignorance
darken change
darken spot
darken change
darkness area
darkness entity
darkness location
darkness object
darkness region
darkness scene
darkness abstraction
darkness attribute
darkness entity
darkness property
darkness value
darkness abstraction
darkness attribute
darkness color
darkness complexion
darkness entity
darkness property
darling entity
darling lover
darling object
darling organism
darling person
darling whole
dart artifact
dart device
dart entity
dart instrumentality
dart instrument
dart object
dart projectile
dart weapon
dart whole
dart abstraction
dart attribute
dart entity
dart fold
dart shape
dart tuck
dart rush
dart travel
dart move
darts abstraction
darts act
darts activity
darts entity
darts event
darts game
dash abstraction
dash attribute
dash elegance
dash entity
dash quality
dash abstraction
dash act
dash action
dash change
dash entity
dash event
dash locomotion
dash motion
dash run
dash abstraction
dash contest
dash entity
dash event
dash race
dash abstraction
dash communication
dash entity
dash signal
dash abstraction
dash act
dash action
dash change
dash entity
dash event
dash motion
dash prevent
dash add
dash change
dash increase
dash mix
dashboard artifact
dashboard device
dashboard entity
dashboard instrumentality
dashboard object
dashboard whole
data abstraction
data collection
data entity
data group
database abstraction
database communication
database entity
database information
database message
date abstraction
date day
date entity
date measure
date companion
date entity
date friend
date object
date organism
date person
date whole
date abstraction
date entity
date gathering
date group
date meeting
date abstraction
date entity
date measure
date point
date abstraction
date attribute
date entity
date present
date time
date abstraction
date entity
date measure
date year
date abstraction
date day
date entity
date measure
date entity
date food
date fruit
date matter
date object
date produce
date solid
date whole
date leave
date change
date date
date give
date impress
date stamp
date supply
date transfer
date determine
date give
date supply
date transfer
dating abstraction
dating act
dating activity
dating analysis
dating entity
dating event
dating investigation
dating work
daughter child
daughter entity
daughter female
daughter object
daughter offspring
daughter organism
daughter person
daughter relative
daughter whole
dawn abstraction
dawn cognition
dawn entity
dawn hour
dawn information
dawn reading
dawn abstraction
dawn beginning
dawn entity
dawn event
dawn happening
dawn start
dawn abstraction
dawn entity
dawn measure
dawn begin
dawn change
day abstraction
day entity
day measure
day abstraction
day entity
day measure
day time
day abstraction
day entity
day measure
day abstraction
day entity
day measure
day abstraction
day entity
day measure
day abstraction
day entity
day era
day measure
day abstraction
day entity
day measure
day abstraction
day attribute
day being
day entity
day opportunity
day possibility
day state
daycare abstraction
daycare act
daycare activity
daycare aid
daycare entity
daycare event
daycare service
daylight energy
daylight entity
daylight light
daylight phenomenon
daylight process
daylight radiation
days abstraction
days entity
days life
days measure
deacon entity
deacon object
deacon official
deacon organism
deacon person
deacon whole
deacon worker
deacon abstraction
deacon attribute
deacon clergyman
deacon entity
deacon leader
deacon object
deacon organism
deacon person
deacon state
deacon status
deacon whole
dead abstraction
dead entity
dead group
dead people
dead abstraction
dead entity
dead measure
dead time
deadline abstraction
deadline entity
deadline measure
deadline point
deadlock abstraction
deadlock attribute
deadlock condition
deadlock difficulty
deadlock entity
deadlock situation
deadlock state
deaf abstraction
deaf entity
deaf group
deaf people
deafness abstraction
deafness attribute
deafness condition
deafness disability
deafness entity
deafness state
deal abstraction
deal act
deal entity
deal event
deal transaction
deal artifact
deal board
deal entity
deal lumber
deal object
deal whole
deal abstraction
deal ending
deal entity
deal event
deal happening
deal result
deal abstraction
deal act
deal distribution
deal entity
deal event
deal abstraction
deal act
deal allotment
deal distribution
deal entity
deal event
deal act
deal interact
deal transact
deal act
deal behave
deal hold
deal distribute
deal give
deal transfer
deal pass
deal transfer
deal act
deal deal
deal interact
deal transact
dealer abstraction
dealer business
dealer enterprise
dealer entity
dealer firm
dealer group
dealer organization
dealer businessperson
dealer capitalist
dealer entity
dealer merchant
dealer object
dealer organism
dealer person
dealer seller
dealer whole
dealer contestant
dealer entity
dealer object
dealer organism
dealer person
dealer player
dealer whole
dealing abstraction
dealing act
dealing entity
dealing event
dealing management
dealing treatment
dean administrator
dean entity
dean head
dean leader
dean object
dean organism
dean person
dean whole
dean adult
dean elder
dean entity
dean object
dean organism
dean person
dean whole
dean abstraction
dean attribute
dean bishop
dean cardinal
dean clergyman
dean entity
dean leader
dean object
dean organism
dean person
dean priest
dean state
dean status
dean whole
death abstraction
death change
death entity
death event
death happening
death entity
death phenomenon
death process
death abstraction
death attribute
death entity
death state
death abstraction
death end
death entity
death measure
death point
death abstraction
death end
death entity
death measure
death point
death abstraction
death act
death action
death change
death entity
death event
death killing
death termination
deathbed abstraction
deathbed entity
deathbed measure
deathbed artifact
deathbed bed
deathbed entity
deathbed furnishing
deathbed furniture
deathbed instrumentality
deathbed object
deathbed whole
debate abstraction
debate act
debate address
debate entity
debate event
debate act
debate communicate
debate consider
debate interact
debate talk
debate act
debate communicate
debate interact
debate talk
debit abstraction
debit accounting
debit communication
debit document
debit entity
debit entry
debit record
debit register
debit account
debris abstraction
debris entity
debris material
debris matter
debris part
debris relation
debris rubbish
debris substance
debris waste
debt abstraction
debt attribute
debt entity
debt indebtedness
debt obligation
debt state
debt abstraction
debt entity
debt possession
debt relation
debt abstraction
debt agreement
debt communication
debt document
debt entity
debt message
debt obligation
debt statement
debt writing
debtor entity
debtor object
debtor organism
debtor person
debtor whole
debugger abstraction
debugger code
debugger communication
debugger entity
debugger program
debugger software
debugger writing
debut abstraction
debut act
debut entity
debut event
debut presentation
debut cause
debut initiate
debut introduce
debut make
debut play
debut make
debut perform
decade abstraction
decade entity
decade measure
decal abstraction
decal artifact
decal decoration
decal design
decal entity
decal material
decal matter
decal object
decal paper
decal part
decal relation
decal substance
decal whole
decapitation abstraction
decapitation act
decapitation entity
decapitation event
decapitation execution
decapitation punishment
decapitation abstraction
decapitation act
decapitation action
decapitation change
decapitation entity
decapitation event
decapitation killing
decapitation termination
decathlon abstraction
decathlon contest
decathlon entity
decathlon event
decay entity
decay process
decay decrease
decay entity
decay process
decay entity
decay phenomenon
decay process
decay abstraction
decay attribute
decay condition
decay entity
decay state
decay entity
decay process
decay change
deceive act
deceive interact
deceive treat
deceive wrong
deceive act
deceive communicate
deceive inform
deceive interact
deceiver entity
deceiver object
deceiver organism
deceiver person
deceiver whole
deceleration abstraction
deceleration change
deceleration entity
deceleration event
deceleration happening
deceleration abstraction
deceleration entity
deceleration rate
deceleration relation
deceleration abstraction
deceleration act
deceleration action
deceleration change
deceleration entity
deceleration event
deceleration motion
deceleration speed
decency abstraction
decency attribute
decency entity
decency propriety
decency trait
decency abstraction
decency attribute
decency entity
decency honorableness
decency morality
decency quality
decency respectability
decency righteousness
decentralization entity
decentralization process
decentralization abstraction
decentralization act
decentralization action
decentralization change
decentralization entity
decentralization event
decentralization expansion
decentralization extension
decentralization increase
decentralization spread
deception abstraction
deception act
deception activity
deception entity
deception event
deception falsification
decide change
decide end
decide induce
decide cause
decide determine
decide make
decimal abstraction
decimal entity
decimal measure
decimal number
decimate kill
decipher interpret
decipher read
decipher understand
decision abstraction
decision act
decision action
decision choice
decision entity
decision event
decision abstraction
decision belief
decision cognition
decision content
decision entity
decision judgment
decision opinion
decision abstraction
decision ending
decision entity
decision event
decision happening
decision result
decision abstraction
decision ending
decision entity
decision event
decision happening
decision result
decisiveness abstraction
decisiveness attribute
decisiveness entity
decisiveness resoluteness
decisiveness trait
deck artifact
deck entity
deck object
deck platform
deck surface
deck whole
deck artifact
deck container
deck entity
deck instrumentality
deck object
deck package
deck packet
deck whole
deck artifact
deck entity
deck object
deck porch
deck structure
deck whole
deck be
deck change
deck decorate
deck beat
deck strike
deck touch
declaim perform
declaim complain
declaim protest
declaration abstraction
declaration communication
declaration entity
declaration message
declaration statement
declaration abstraction
declaration communication
declaration entity
declaration evidence
declaration information
declaration message
declaration testimony
declaration abstraction
declaration communication
declaration entity
declaration message
declaration statement
declare express
declare state
declare affirm
declare declare
declare express
declare state
declare evaluate
declare think
declare accept
declare act
declare authorize
declare permit
declare react
declare deploy
declare move
declare play
declare position
declare put
declare express
declare state
declare declare
declare express
declare proclaim
declare state
declination abstraction
declination angle
declination attribute
declination entity
declination location
declination object
declination shape
declination space
declination abstraction
declination communication
declination entity
declination message
declination refusal
decline decrease
decline entity
decline process
decline abstraction
decline attribute
decline condition
decline entity
decline state
decline change
decline decrease
decline descend
decline drop
decline travel
decline descend
decline travel
decline change
decline modify
decode act
decode communicate
decode interact
decode rewrite
decode write
decolonization abstraction
decolonization act
decolonization entity
decolonization event
decompose change
decompose separate
decompose change
decompose decay
decomposition abstraction
decomposition algebra
decomposition cognition
decomposition content
decomposition discipline
decomposition entity
decomposition mathematics
decomposition science
decomposition abstraction
decomposition attribute
decomposition condition
decomposition decay
decomposition entity
decomposition state
decomposition entity
decomposition process
decomposition decay
decomposition entity
decomposition process
decompression abstraction
decompression act
decompression activity
decompression cryptography
decompression entity
decompression event
decompression writing
decompression abstraction
decompression act
decompression action
decompression change
decompression decrease
decompression easing
decompression entity
decompression event
deconstruction abstraction
deconstruction belief
deconstruction cognition
deconstruction content
deconstruction doctrine
deconstruction entity
decontamination abstraction
decontamination act
decontamination action
decontamination change
decontamination entity
decontamination event
decontamination removal
decontamination separation
decorate change
decorate evaluate
decorate honor
decorate prize
decorate recognize
decorate see
decorate think
decoration artifact
decoration entity
decoration object
decoration whole
decoration abstraction
decoration award
decoration communication
decoration entity
decoration signal
decoration symbol
decoration abstraction
decoration act
decoration action
decoration change
decoration entity
decoration event
decorum abstraction
decorum attribute
decorum entity
decorum propriety
decorum trait
decoy accomplice
decoy assistant
decoy deceiver
decoy entity
decoy object
decoy organism
decoy person
decoy whole
decoy worker
decoy ask
decoy challenge
decoy communicate
decoy convey
decoy invite
decoy move
decoy provoke
decoy request
decoy transfer
decrease abstraction
decrease change
decrease entity
decrease event
decrease happening
decrease entity
decrease process
decrease abstraction
decrease amount
decrease attribute
decrease entity
decrease magnitude
decrease property
decrease abstraction
decrease act
decrease action
decrease change
decrease entity
decrease event
decrease change
decree abstraction
decree act
decree communication
decree document
decree entity
decree writing
decree declare
decree express
decree state
dedicate begin
dedicate inaugurate
dedicate start
dedicate act
dedicate communicate
dedicate give
dedicate interact
dedicate assign
dedicate choose
dedicate decide
dedication abstraction
dedication attribute
dedication entity
dedication fidelity
dedication quality
dedication abstraction
dedication affair
dedication ceremony
dedication entity
dedication event
dedication abstraction
dedication communication
dedication entity
dedication message
deduce reason
deduce think
deduce reason
deduce think
deductible abstraction
deductible assets
deductible entity
deductible possession
deductible relation
deductible sum
deductible abstraction
deductible article
deductible communication
deductible entity
deductible music
deductible section
deductible writing
deduction abstraction
deduction allowance
deduction cost
deduction entity
deduction payment
deduction possession
deduction relation
deduction abstraction
deduction cognition
deduction entity
deduction inference
deduction process
deduction reasoning
deduction thinking
deduction abstraction
deduction cognition
deduction entity
deduction process
deduction reasoning
deduction thinking
deed abstraction
deed communication
deed document
deed entity
deed writing
deem evaluate
deem see
deem think
deep abstraction
deep entity
deep measure
deep middle
deep point
deep entity
deep ocean
deep thing
deepen change
deepen enlarge
deepen increase
deepen change
deepening development
deepening entity
deepening process
deepness abstraction
deepness attribute
deepness depth
deepness entity
deepness extent
deepness magnitude
deepness property
deepness abstraction
deepness attribute
deepness entity
deepness pitch
deepness property
deer animal
deer entity
deer mammal
deer object
deer organism
deer vertebrate
deer whole
deface change
deface damage
defamation abstraction
defamation communication
defamation entity
defamation message
defame charge
default absence
default abstraction
default act
default entity
default event
default failure
default loss
default abstraction
default act
default entity
default event
default failure
default fail
defeat abstraction
defeat ending
defeat entity
defeat event
defeat failure
defeat happening
defeated abstraction
defeated entity
defeated group
defeated people
defecation discharge
defecation elimination
defecation entity
defecation process
defect abstraction
defect attribute
defect entity
defect imperfection
defect state
defect abstraction
defect attribute
defect bad
defect disadvantage
defect entity
defect liability
defect quality
defect abstraction
defect attribute
defect entity
defect imperfection
defect state
defect flee
defect leave
defect scat
defectiveness abstraction
defectiveness attribute
defectiveness entity
defectiveness imperfection
defectiveness state
defend argue
defend express
defend present
defend state
defend prevent
defend defend
defend prevent
defend protect
defendant entity
defendant object
defendant organism
defendant party
defendant person
defendant whole
defender entity
defender object
defender organism
defender person
defender whole
defender combatant
defender entity
defender object
defender organism
defender person
defender whole
defense abstraction
defense act
defense entity
defense event
defense abstraction
defense act
defense activity
defense entity
defense event
defense protection
defense abstraction
defense entity
defense group
defense organization
defense team
defense unit
defense abstraction
defense communication
defense entity
defense explanation
defense justification
defense message
defense statement
defense abstraction
defense collection
defense entity
defense group
defense abstraction
defense entity
defense group
defense organization
defense abstraction
defense act
defense entity
defense event
defense abstraction
defense act
defense activity
defense entity
defense event
defense protection
defensive abstraction
defensive attitude
defensive cognition
defensive entity
defensiveness ability
defensiveness abstraction
defensiveness attribute
defensiveness entity
defensiveness quality
defensiveness sensitivity
deference abstraction
deference act
deference action
deference entity
deference event
deference politeness
deference abstraction
deference attribute
deference courtesy
deference entity
deference manner
deference trait
defiance abstraction
defiance attribute
defiance entity
defiance trait
defiance abstraction
defiance act
defiance challenge
defiance entity
defiance event
defiance abstraction
defiance act
defiance entity
defiance event
defiance resistance
deficit abstraction
deficit amount
deficit attribute
deficit entity
deficit insufficiency
deficit magnitude
deficit property
deficit abstraction
deficit attribute
deficit condition
deficit entity
deficit lack
deficit need
deficit state
deficit abstraction
deficit entity
deficit measure
deficit number
deficit score
deficit abstraction
deficit entity
deficit possession
deficit relation
defile entity
defile location
defile object
defile pass
defile change
defile damage
define choose
define decide
define specify
define characterize
define distinguish
define qualify
define remember
define show
definition abstraction
definition communication
definition entity
definition explanation
definition message
definition statement
definition abstraction
definition attribute
definition clearness
definition distinctness
definition entity
definition quality
deflation entity
deflation erosion
deflation process
deflation entity
deflation process
deflation abstraction
deflation act
deflation action
deflation change
deflation decrease
deflation entity
deflation event
deflection abnormality
deflection abstraction
deflection attribute
deflection condition
deflection entity
deflection state
deflection abstraction
deflection bending
deflection entity
deflection event
deflection happening
deflection movement
deflection abstraction
deflection entity
deflection event
deflection happening
deflection movement
deflection abstraction
deflection attribute
deflection entity
deflection property
deforestation abstraction
deforestation attribute
deforestation condition
deforestation entity
deforestation state
deforestation abstraction
deforestation act
deforestation action
deforestation change
deforestation entity
deforestation event
deforestation removal
deforestation separation
deform change
deform shape
deformation abstraction
deformation change
deformation entity
deformation event
deformation happening
defuse remove
defy contend
defy fight
defy resist
defy be
defy confuse
defy ask
defy challenge
defy communicate
defy convey
defy invite
defy move
defy request
defy transfer
degeneration entity
degeneration process
degeneration abstraction
degeneration change
degeneration entity
degeneration event
degeneration happening
degeneration transformation
degradation abstraction
degradation act
degradation action
degradation change
degradation entity
degradation event
degrade change
degrade worsen
degree abstraction
degree attribute
degree entity
degree property
degree abstraction
degree attribute
degree entity
degree state
degree abstraction
degree entity
degree measure
degree abstraction
degree communication
degree entity
degree exponent
degree notation
degree writing
degree abstraction
degree entity
degree measure
degree abstraction
degree attribute
degree entity
degree magnitude
degree property
dehydration abstraction
dehydration attribute
dehydration condition
dehydration dryness
dehydration entity
dehydration state
dehydration abstraction
dehydration attribute
dehydration condition
dehydration drive
dehydration entity
dehydration state
dehydration thirst
dehydration entity
dehydration extraction
dehydration process
deity abstraction
deity belief
deity cognition
deity content
deity entity
delay abstraction
delay entity
delay measure
delay pause
delay abstraction
delay act
delay entity
delay event
delay inactivity
delay change
delay decrease
delay act
delay wait
delegate entity
delegate negotiator
delegate object
delegate organism
delegate person
delegate representative
delegate whole
delegate appoint
delegate delegate
delegate appoint
delete remove
deletion abstraction
deletion change
deletion entity
deletion event
deletion happening
deletion mutation
deletion abstraction
deletion communication
deletion editing
deletion entity
deletion writing
deletion abstraction
deletion act
deletion action
deletion change
deletion entity
deletion event
deletion removal
deletion separation
deliberation abstraction
deliberation communication
deliberation discussion
deliberation entity
deliberation speech
deliberation abstraction
deliberation cognition
deliberation consideration
deliberation entity
deliberation process
deliberation thinking
deliberation abstraction
deliberation attribute
deliberation entity
deliberation trait
delicacy abstraction
delicacy cognition
delicacy discrimination
delicacy entity
delicacy process
delicacy taste
delicacy abstraction
delicacy attribute
delicacy entity
delicacy magnitude
delicacy property
delicacy size
delicacy smallness
delicacy abstraction
delicacy attribute
delicacy consideration
delicacy entity
delicacy good
delicacy kindness
delicacy morality
delicacy quality
delicacy tact
delicious apple
delicious entity
delicious food
delicious fruit
delicious matter
delicious object
delicious produce
delicious solid
delicious whole
delight abstraction
delight attribute
delight entity
delight feeling
delight pleasure
delight state
delineate draw
delineate make
delineate represent
delineate act
delineate clarify
delineate communicate
delineate describe
delineate elaborate
delineate explain
delineate inform
delineate interact
delinquency abstraction
delinquency entity
delinquency loss
delinquency possession
delinquency relation
delinquency abstraction
delinquency attribute
delinquency carelessness
delinquency entity
delinquency negligence
delinquency trait
delinquency abstraction
delinquency act
delinquency activity
delinquency entity
delinquency event
delinquent entity
delinquent object
delinquent organism
delinquent person
delinquent whole
delirium abstraction
delirium attribute
delirium condition
delirium disorder
delirium entity
delirium state
deliver act
deliver communicate
deliver interact
deliver talk
deliver bring
deliver move
deliver transmit
deliver utter
deliver give
deliver move
deliver throw
delivery abstraction
delivery act
delivery action
delivery change
delivery entity
delivery event
delivery movement
delivery transportation
delivery abstraction
delivery birth
delivery change
delivery entity
delivery event
delivery happening
delivery abstraction
delivery act
delivery conveyance
delivery entity
delivery event
delivery transaction
delivery transfer
delivery abstraction
delivery act
delivery entity
delivery event
dell entity
dell hollow
dell object
dell valley
delta entity
delta matter
delta object
delta sediment
delta abstraction
delta attribute
delta entity
delta figure
delta polygon
delta shape
delta triangle
delta abstraction
delta character
delta communication
delta entity
delta letter
delta signal
delta symbol
deluge change
deluge fill
delusion abstraction
delusion attribute
delusion condition
delusion entity
delusion state
delusion abstraction
delusion cognition
delusion content
delusion entity
delusion idea
delusion abstraction
delusion act
delusion activity
delusion deception
delusion entity
delusion event
delusion falsification
demagnetization entity
demagnetization process
demand abstraction
demand communication
demand entity
demand message
demand request
demand entity
demand process
demand abstraction
demand act
demand activity
demand entity
demand event
demand communicate
demand convey
demand move
demand request
demand transfer
demand claim
demand communicate
demand convey
demand move
demand request
demand transfer
demand claim
demand communicate
demand convey
demand move
demand request
demand transfer
demand ask
demand call
demand communicate
demand convey
demand move
demand order
demand request
demand summon
demand transfer
demand communicate
demand convey
demand move
demand request
demand transfer
dementia abstraction
dementia attribute
dementia condition
dementia entity
dementia insanity
dementia state
demerit abstraction
demerit communication
demerit entity
demerit mark
demerit signal
demerit symbol
demerit abstraction
demerit attribute
demerit entity
demerit quality
demerit worth
demise transfer
democracy abstraction
democracy attitude
democracy cognition
democracy entity
democracy orientation
democracy abstraction
democracy entity
democracy group
democrat entity
democrat leader
democrat object
democrat organism
democrat person
democrat politician
democrat whole
democrat advocate
democrat entity
democrat object
democrat organism
democrat person
democrat whole
democratization abstraction
democratization act
democratization entity
democratization event
demographic abstraction
demographic cognition
demographic entity
demographic information
demographic statistic
demography abstraction
demography cognition
demography content
demography discipline
demography entity
demography science
demography sociology
demolish destroy
demolition abstraction
demolition act
demolition action
demolition change
demolition destruction
demolition entity
demolition event
demolition termination
demon actor
demon entity
demon object
demon organism
demon person
demon whole
demonstrate evaluate
demonstrate oppose
demonstrate protest
demonstrate refute
demonstrate reject
demonstrate think
demonstration abstraction
demonstration act
demonstration activity
demonstration diversion
demonstration entertainment
demonstration entity
demonstration event
demonstration show
demonstration abstraction
demonstration act
demonstration entity
demonstration event
demonstration protest
demonstration resistance
demonstration abstraction
demonstration argument
demonstration communication
demonstration entity
demonstration evidence
demonstration indication
demonstration proof
demonstration abstraction
demonstration communication
demonstration entity
demonstrator adult
demonstrator educator
demonstrator entity
demonstrator object
demonstrator organism
demonstrator person
demonstrator professional
demonstrator teacher
demonstrator whole
demonstrator employee
demonstrator entity
demonstrator object
demonstrator organism
demonstrator person
demonstrator whole
demonstrator worker
demonstrator entity
demonstrator object
demonstrator organism
demonstrator person
demonstrator reformer
demonstrator whole
demote appoint
demote delegate
demotion abstraction
demotion act
demotion action
demotion change
demotion entity
demotion event
den abstraction
den entity
den group
den organization
den unit
den area
den artifact
den entity
den object
den room
den structure
den whole
denial abstraction
denial act
denial entity
denial event
denial abstraction
denial assertion
denial communication
denial declaration
denial entity
denial message
denial statement
denial abstraction
denial cognition
denial entity
denial process
denomination abstraction
denomination entity
denomination group
denomination organization
denomination abstraction
denomination class
denomination collection
denomination entity
denomination group
denominator abstraction
denominator divisor
denominator entity
denominator measure
denominator number
denote designate
denote mean
denounce comment
denounce express
denounce knock
denounce note
denounce state
denounce act
denounce announce
denounce communicate
denounce inform
denounce interact
denounce act
denounce communicate
denounce inform
denounce interact
denseness abstraction
denseness cognition
denseness entity
denseness inability
denseness stupidity
density abstraction
density attribute
density compactness
density consistency
density entity
density property
density solidity
dent consequence
dent entity
dent phenomenon
dent process
dent abstraction
dent appearance
dent attribute
dent blemish
dent entity
dent quality
dentistry abstraction
dentistry cognition
dentistry content
dentistry discipline
dentistry entity
dentistry medicine
dentistry science
deny contradict
deny disagree
deny evaluate
deny reject
deny think
deny deny
deny have
deny keep
deny withhold
deny have
deny keep
deny control
deny forget
deny inhibit
deny restrain
deny suppress
deny contradict
deny deny
deny disagree
depart leave
department abstraction
department division
department entity
department group
department organization
department unit
department district
department entity
department location
department object
department region
department abstraction
department aspect
department cognition
department concept
department content
department entity
department feature
department idea
department property
department sector
departure abstraction
departure act
departure entity
departure event
depend be
dependence abstraction
dependence attribute
dependence entity
dependence state
depiction abstraction
depiction act
depiction activity
depiction entity
depiction event
depiction representation
depletion abstraction
depletion act
depletion action
depletion change
depletion decrease
depletion entity
depletion event
depletion abstraction
depletion attribute
depletion entity
depletion state
deploy move
deploy position
deploy put
deploy spread
deployment abstraction
deployment act
deployment activity
deployment entity
deployment event
deployment preparation
depopulation abstraction
depopulation attribute
depopulation condition
depopulation entity
depopulation state
deportation abstraction
deportation act
deportation banishment
deportation ejection
deportation entity
deportation event
deportation rejection
depose oust
depose remove
deposit entity
deposit phenomenon
deposit process
deposit abstraction
deposit entity
deposit fund
deposit measure
deposit money
deposit standard
deposit abstraction
deposit entity
deposit possession
deposit relation
deposit security
deposit abstraction
deposit assurance
deposit commitment
deposit communication
deposit entity
deposit guarantee
deposit message
deposit abstraction
deposit accumulation
deposit act
deposit action
deposit buildup
deposit change
deposit entity
deposit event
deposit increase
deposit give
deposit transfer
deposition entity
deposition increase
deposition process
deposition abstraction
deposition act
deposition entity
deposition event
deposition interrogation
deposition request
deposition abstraction
deposition act
deposition banishment
deposition ejection
deposition entity
deposition event
deposition rejection
depositor capitalist
depositor entity
depositor investor
depositor object
depositor organism
depositor person
depositor whole
depository artifact
depository entity
depository facility
depository object
depository whole
depravity abstraction
depravity act
depravity activity
depravity entity
depravity event
depravity transgression
deprecation abstraction
deprecation act
deprecation entity
deprecation event
deprecation prayer
deprecation request
deprecation abstraction
deprecation act
deprecation disapproval
deprecation entity
deprecation event
deprecation judgment
depreciate change
depreciate decrease
depreciation abstraction
depreciation act
depreciation action
depreciation change
depreciation decrease
depreciation entity
depreciation event
depreciation abstraction
depreciation cost
depreciation entity
depreciation expense
depreciation loss
depreciation possession
depreciation relation
depression abstraction
depression attribute
depression condition
depression entity
depression state
depression abstraction
depression attribute
depression condition
depression crisis
depression difficulty
depression entity
depression situation
depression state
depression abstraction
depression attribute
depression entity
depression feeling
depression sadness
depression state
depression abstraction
depression attribute
depression entity
depression shape
depression solid
depression abstraction
depression entity
depression position
depression relation
depression abstraction
depression act
depression entity
depression event
depression propulsion
depression push
depressive entity
depressive object
depressive organism
depressive person
depressive unfortunate
depressive whole
deprive take
deprive deny
deprive have
deprive keep
deprive withhold
deprive change
deprive worsen
depth abstraction
depth attribute
depth entity
depth extent
depth magnitude
depth property
depth abstraction
depth attribute
depth degree
depth entity
depth property
depth entity
depth location
depth object
depth region
depth abasement
depth abstraction
depth attribute
depth entity
depth humiliation
depth shame
depth standing
depth state
depth status
depth abstraction
depth attribute
depth entity
deputy defender
deputy entity
deputy object
deputy organism
deputy person
deputy whole
deputy assistant
deputy entity
deputy object
deputy organism
deputy person
deputy whole
deputy worker
deputy entity
deputy leader
deputy legislator
deputy object
deputy organism
deputy person
deputy politician
deputy whole
deputy agent
deputy entity
deputy negotiator
deputy object
deputy organism
deputy person
deputy representative
deputy whole
derailment abstraction
derailment entity
derailment event
derailment happening
derailment misfortune
derailment mishap
derailment trouble
derangement abstraction
derangement attribute
derangement condition
derangement entity
derangement insanity
derangement state
derivation beginning
derivation entity
derivation location
derivation object
derivation point
derivation abstraction
derivation cognition
derivation entity
derivation inference
derivation process
derivation reasoning
derivation thinking
derivation entity
derivation process
derivation abstraction
derivation act
derivation action
derivation change
derivation decrease
derivation depletion
derivation drain
derivation drawing
derivation entity
derivation event
derivation abstraction
derivation act
derivation action
derivation change
derivation decrease
derivation depletion
derivation drain
derivation drawing
derivation entity
derivation event
derivation abstraction
derivation act
derivation entity
derivation event
derivative abstraction
derivative chemical
derivative compound
derivative entity
derivative material
derivative matter
derivative part
derivative relation
derivative substance
derivative abstraction
derivative entity
derivative part
derivative relation
derivative word
derive get
derive obtain
derive change
derive develop
derive evolve
derive grow
derive increase
derive make
descend travel
descendant entity
descendant object
descendant organism
descendant person
descendant relative
descendant whole
descent abstraction
descent entity
descent event
descent happening
descent movement
descent abstraction
descent act
descent action
descent change
descent entity
descent event
descent motion
descent abstraction
descent entity
descent kinship
descent relation
descent entity
descent object
descent slope
describe act
describe clarify
describe communicate
describe elaborate
describe explain
describe inform
describe interact
description abstraction
description communication
description entity
description message
description statement
description abstraction
description act
description entity
description event
description abstraction
description category
description cognition
description concept
description content
description entity
description idea
description kind
desert abstraction
desert community
desert entity
desert group
desert location
desert object
desert region
desert tract
desert leave
deserter entity
deserter object
deserter organism
deserter person
deserter whole
deserter entity
deserter object
deserter organism
deserter person
deserter whole
deserve be
design abstraction
design act
design activity
design creation
design entity
design event
design abstraction
design arrangement
design cognition
design entity
design structure
design artifact
design decoration
design entity
design object
design whole
design artifact
design creation
design drawing
design entity
design object
design representation
design sketch
design whole
design intend
design plan
design think
design create
design make
design create
design make
design intend
designation abstraction
designation act
designation determination
designation discovery
designation entity
designation event
designer entity
designer object
designer organism
designer person
designer planner
designer whole
desire abstraction
desire attribute
desire entity
desire feeling
desire state
desire abstraction
desire attribute
desire disposition
desire entity
desire property
desire tendency
desire abstraction
desire arousal
desire attribute
desire condition
desire entity
desire state
desire communicate
desire convey
desire move
desire request
desire transfer
desk artifact
desk entity
desk furnishing
desk furniture
desk instrumentality
desk object
desk table
desk whole
desktop boundary
desktop entity
desktop extremity
desktop location
desktop object
desktop region
desktop side
desktop surface
desktop top
despair abstraction
despair attribute
despair condition
despair entity
despair state
despair abstraction
despair attribute
despair entity
despair feeling
despair state
desperado criminal
desperado entity
desperado object
desperado organism
desperado person
desperado principal
desperado whole
desperate entity
desperate object
desperate organism
desperate person
desperate unfortunate
desperate whole
desperation abstraction
desperation attribute
desperation entity
desperation trait
despite abstraction
despite act
despite activity
despite disregard
despite entity
despite event
despite practice
dessert course
dessert entity
dessert food
dessert matter
dessert substance
destabilization abstraction
destabilization change
destabilization entity
destabilization event
destabilization happening
destabilization abstraction
destabilization act
destabilization action
destabilization entity
destabilization event
destination abstraction
destination cognition
destination content
destination entity
destination goal
destiny abstraction
destiny entity
destiny event
destiny happening
destiny entity
destitution abstraction
destitution attribute
destitution condition
destitution entity
destitution poverty
destitution state
destroy kill
destroyer artifact
destroyer conveyance
destroyer craft
destroyer entity
destroyer instrumentality
destroyer object
destroyer ship
destroyer vehicle
destroyer vessel
destroyer warship
destroyer whole
destroyer entity
destroyer object
destroyer organism
destroyer person
destroyer whole
destruct destroy
destruction abstraction
destruction act
destruction action
destruction change
destruction entity
destruction event
destruction termination
destruction abstraction
destruction ending
destruction entity
destruction event
destruction happening
detach disconnect
detach move
detach separate
detach change
detach separate
detachment abstraction
detachment act
detachment action
detachment change
detachment entity
detachment event
detachment separation
detachment abstraction
detachment entity
detachment group
detachment organization
detachment unit
detail abstraction
detail cognition
detail entity
detail fact
detail information
detail abstraction
detail entity
detail part
detail relation
detail abstraction
detail act
detail communication
detail discussion
detail entity
detail event
detail abstraction
detail entity
detail gang
detail group
detail organization
detail unit
detail act
detail clarify
detail communicate
detail elaborate
detail explain
detail inform
detail interact
detail assign
detail choose
detail decide
detainee entity
detainee object
detainee organism
detainee person
detainee prisoner
detainee unfortunate
detainee whole
detect perceive
detect spy
detection abstraction
detection cognition
detection entity
detection perception
detection process
detection abstraction
detection act
detection discovery
detection entity
detection event
detection abstraction
detection act
detection activity
detection entity
detection event
detection investigation
detection work
detective defender
detective entity
detective object
detective organism
detective person
detective policeman
detective whole
detective entity
detective expert
detective investigator
detective object
detective organism
detective person
detective whole
detector artifact
detector device
detector entity
detector instrumentality
detector object
detector whole
detector artifact
detector device
detector entity
detector instrumentality
detector object
detector rectifier
detector whole
detector artifact
detector entity
detector equipment
detector instrumentality
detector object
detector whole
detention abstraction
detention attribute
detention confinement
detention entity
detention relationship
detention state
detention subjugation
detention abstraction
detention act
detention entity
detention event
detention punishment
deter disapprove
deter evaluate
deter think
detergent agent
detergent entity
detergent matter
detergent substance
detergent abstraction
detergent chemical
detergent compound
detergent entity
detergent formulation
detergent material
detergent matter
detergent part
detergent relation
detergent substance
deteriorate change
deteriorate decay
deterioration abstraction
deterioration attribute
deterioration condition
deterioration decay
deterioration entity
deterioration state
deterioration decline
deterioration decrease
deterioration entity
deterioration process
determination abstraction
determination act
determination discovery
determination entity
determination event
determination abstraction
determination attribute
determination entity
determination resoluteness
determination trait
determination abstraction
determination cognition
determination entity
determination process
determine cause
determine make
determine be
determine specify
determiner abstraction
determiner entity
determiner part
determiner relation
determiner word
deterrence abstraction
deterrence act
deterrence entity
deterrence event
deterrence hindrance
dethrone free
detour artifact
detour entity
detour object
detour road
detour way
detour whole
detour deviate
detour move
detour turn
detox artifact
detox block
detox entity
detox housing
detox object
detox structure
detox ward
detox whole
detox treat
detoxification abstraction
detoxification act
detoxification activity
detoxification care
detoxification entity
detoxification event
detoxification treatment
detoxification work
detoxification abstraction
detoxification act
detoxification activity
detoxification care
detoxification entity
detoxification event
detoxification treatment
detoxification work
detriment abstraction
detriment change
detriment damage
detriment entity
detriment event
detriment happening
devaluation abstraction
devaluation act
devaluation activity
devaluation control
devaluation entity
devaluation event
devaluation regulation
devaluation abstraction
devaluation act
devaluation action
devaluation change
devaluation decrease
devaluation entity
devaluation event
devastation abstraction
devastation attribute
devastation condition
devastation decay
devastation deterioration
devastation entity
devastation state
devastation abstraction
devastation attribute
devastation entity
devastation feeling
devastation state
devastation abstraction
devastation destruction
devastation ending
devastation entity
devastation event
devastation happening
devastation ruin
develop create
develop change
develop happen
develop change
develop grow
develop increase
develop change
develop generate
develop make
develop change
develop move
develop put
develop compete
develop play
develop compete
develop play
develop change
develop complicate
develop change
develop enlarge
develop expand
develop increase
developer creator
developer entity
developer object
developer organism
developer person
developer whole
developer artifact
developer entity
developer equipment
developer instrumentality
developer object
developer whole
development abstraction
development act
development action
development change
development entity
development event
development improvement
development entity
development process
development abstraction
development change
development entity
development event
development happening
development district
development entity
development location
development object
development region
development abstraction
development attribute
development condition
development entity
development improvement
development state
development entity
development processing
development process
development abstraction
development communication
development entity
development music
development section
development writing
deviate move
deviate turn
deviate differ
deviate divert
deviate move
deviate send
deviation abstraction
deviation change
deviation entity
deviation event
deviation happening
deviation variation
deviation abstraction
deviation cognition
deviation entity
deviation information
deviation statistic
deviation abstraction
deviation attribute
deviation entity
deviation incorrectness
deviation quality
deviation abnormality
deviation abstraction
deviation act
deviation activity
deviation entity
deviation event
device artifact
device entity
device instrumentality
device object
device whole
device abstraction
device communication
device entity
device abstraction
device act
device action
device choice
device decision
device entity
device event
device maneuver
device move
device artifact
device decoration
device design
device entity
device object
device whole
device artifact
device decoration
device design
device emblem
device entity
device object
device whole
devil abstraction
devil belief
devil cognition
devil content
devil entity
devil spirit
devil abstraction
devil communication
devil entity
devil exclamation
devil utterance
devil cook
devil make
devise abstraction
devise communication
devise document
devise entity
devise will
devise writing
devise abstraction
devise acquisition
devise entity
devise gift
devise inheritance
devise possession
devise relation
devise bequeath
devise give
devote deny
devote have
devote keep
devote reserve
devote withhold
devotion abstraction
devotion attribute
devotion emotion
devotion entity
devotion feeling
devotion love
devotion state
devotion abstraction
devotion act
devotion commitment
devotion cooperation
devotion entity
devotion event
devotion abstraction
devotion act
devotion activity
devotion entity
devotion event
devotion prayer
devotion worship
devotional abstraction
devotional act
devotional activity
devotional ceremony
devotional entity
devotional event
devotional service
devour destroy
devour enjoy
devour consume
devour eat
devour consume
devour eat
devoutness abstraction
devoutness attribute
devoutness entity
devoutness morality
devoutness piety
devoutness quality
devoutness righteousness
dew condensation
dew entity
dew phenomenon
dew process
dexterity abstraction
dexterity adeptness
dexterity attribute
dexterity entity
dexterity skillfulness
dexterity state
diabetes abstraction
diabetes attribute
diabetes condition
diabetes disease
diabetes entity
diabetes illness
diabetes state
diabetic entity
diabetic object
diabetic organism
diabetic person
diabetic unfortunate
diabetic whole
diagnose analyze
diagnosis abstraction
diagnosis act
diagnosis designation
diagnosis determination
diagnosis discovery
diagnosis entity
diagnosis event
diagnostician adult
diagnostician doctor
diagnostician entity
diagnostician object
diagnostician organism
diagnostician person
diagnostician professional
diagnostician specialist
diagnostician whole
diagonal abstraction
diagonal attribute
diagonal entity
diagonal line
diagonal shape
diagonal abstraction
diagonal attribute
diagonal entity
diagonal line
diagonal shape
diagonal abstraction
diagonal arrangement
diagonal entity
diagonal formation
diagonal group
diagonal line
diagonal abstraction
diagonal entity
diagonal set
diagram artifact
diagram creation
diagram drawing
diagram entity
diagram object
diagram representation
diagram whole
diagram draw
diagram make
diagram represent
dial artifact
dial entity
dial face
dial front
dial object
dial side
dial surface
dial whole
dial artifact
dial control
dial device
dial entity
dial instrumentality
dial mechanism
dial object
dial whole
dial artifact
dial device
dial entity
dial indicator
dial instrumentality
dial object
dial whole
dial artifact
dial control
dial device
dial entity
dial instrumentality
dial mechanism
dial object
dial selector
dial switch
dial whole
dial handle
dial manipulate
dial operate
dial touch
dial choose
dial decide
dialect abstraction
dialect communication
dialect entity
dialect speech
dialogue abstraction
dialogue communication
dialogue conversation
dialogue entity
dialogue speech
dialogue talk
dialogue abstraction
dialogue communication
dialogue entity
dialogue script
dialogue writing
dialogue abstraction
dialogue communication
dialogue entity
dialogue writing
diameter abstraction
diameter attribute
diameter dimension
diameter entity
diameter length
diameter magnitude
diameter measure
diameter property
diameter abstraction
diameter attribute
diameter entity
diameter line
diameter shape
diamond adornment
diamond artifact
diamond decoration
diamond entity
diamond jewel
diamond jewelry
diamond object
diamond whole
diamond abstraction
diamond carbon
diamond crystal
diamond entity
diamond gem
diamond matter
diamond part
diamond relation
diamond solid
diamond substance
diamond abstraction
diamond card
diamond entity
diamond material
diamond matter
diamond paper
diamond part
diamond relation
diamond substance
diaper artifact
diaper clothing
diaper commodity
diaper covering
diaper entity
diaper garment
diaper object
diaper whole
diaper artifact
diaper entity
diaper fabric
diaper object
diaper whole
diaphragm artifact
diaphragm device
diaphragm entity
diaphragm instrumentality
diaphragm mechanism
diaphragm object
diaphragm whole
diaphragm entity
diaphragm membrane
diaphragm part
diaphragm system
diaphragm thing
diaphragm tissue
diaphragm artifact
diaphragm contraceptive
diaphragm device
diaphragm entity
diaphragm instrumentality
diaphragm object
diaphragm whole
diaphragm artifact
diaphragm circle
diaphragm device
diaphragm disk
diaphragm entity
diaphragm instrumentality
diaphragm mechanism
diaphragm object
diaphragm plate
diaphragm sheet
diaphragm whole
diarrhea abstraction
diarrhea cognition
diarrhea entity
diarrhea evidence
diarrhea information
diarrhea symptom
diary abstraction
diary communication
diary entity
diary writing
diary artifact
diary book
diary creation
diary entity
diary journal
diary object
diary product
diary whole
dibs abstraction
dibs assertion
dibs claim
dibs communication
dibs declaration
dibs entity
dibs message
dibs statement
dice compete
dice gamble
dice play
dicer artifact
dicer device
dicer entity
dicer instrumentality
dicer mechanism
dicer object
dicer whole
dick defender
dick detective
dick entity
dick object
dick organism
dick person
dick policeman
dick whole
dictate abstraction
dictate communication
dictate direction
dictate entity
dictate message
dictate rule
dictate abstraction
dictate cognition
dictate concept
dictate content
dictate entity
dictate idea
dictate law
dictate principle
dictate act
dictate communicate
dictate interact
dictate read
dictate talk
dictate control
dictate govern
dictation abstraction
dictation communication
dictation entity
dictation speech
dictation abstraction
dictation communication
dictation entity
dictation matter
dictation writing
dictator entity
dictator object
dictator organism
dictator person
dictator speaker
dictator whole
dictator entity
dictator object
dictator organism
dictator person
dictator ruler
dictator whole
dictatorship abstraction
dictatorship autocracy
dictatorship entity
dictatorship group
dictionary artifact
dictionary book
dictionary creation
dictionary entity
dictionary object
dictionary product
dictionary publication
dictionary whole
dictionary work
die artifact
die block
die cube
die entity
die object
die whole
die artifact
die entity
die implement
die instrumentality
die object
die tool
die whole
die artifact
die cutter
die entity
die implement
die instrumentality
die object
die tool
die whole
die change
die experience
die suffer
die undergo
die act
die feel
die ache
die desire
die make
die shape
die compete
die play
die change
die disappear
diesel artifact
diesel device
diesel engine
diesel entity
diesel instrumentality
diesel machine
diesel motor
diesel object
diesel whole
diet entity
diet fare
diet food
diet matter
diet substance
diet abstraction
diet assembly
diet entity
diet gathering
diet group
diet legislature
diet entity
diet fare
diet food
diet matter
diet substance
diet abstinence
diet abstraction
diet act
diet activity
diet control
diet entity
diet event
diet fast
diet abstain
diet fast
diet abstain
diet fast
dietary entity
dietary fare
dietary food
dietary matter
dietary substance
dieter entity
dieter object
dieter organism
dieter person
dieter whole
dietetics abstraction
dietetics cognition
dietetics content
dietetics discipline
dietetics entity
dietetics science
difference abstraction
difference attribute
difference entity
difference quality
difference abstraction
difference change
difference entity
difference relation
differential abstraction
differential attribute
differential difference
differential entity
differential quality
differentiate calculate
differentiate reason
differentiate think
differentiate change
differentiate develop
differentiate grow
differentiate increase
differentiate change
differentiation abstraction
differentiation cognition
differentiation discrimination
differentiation entity
differentiation process
differentiation abstraction
differentiation act
differentiation activity
differentiation calculation
differentiation entity
differentiation event
differentiation procedure
difficulty abstraction
difficulty cognition
difficulty entity
difficulty abstraction
difficulty attribute
difficulty condition
difficulty entity
difficulty state
difficulty abstraction
difficulty attribute
difficulty entity
difficulty quality
diffuse spread
diffusion entity
diffusion process
diffusion abstraction
diffusion entity
diffusion event
diffusion happening
diffusion movement
diffusion spread
dig entity
dig location
dig object
dig region
dig site
dig tract
dig abstraction
dig appearance
dig attribute
dig blemish
dig dent
dig entity
dig quality
dig abstraction
dig act
dig entity
dig event
dig touch
dig remove
dig change
dig empty
dig hollow
dig show
dig uncover
dig move
dig push
dig thrust
digest artifact
digest creation
digest entity
digest object
digest periodical
digest product
digest publication
digest whole
digest work
digest affect
digest change
digest process
digest understand
digest accept
digest act
digest permit
digest react
digest change
digest arrange
digest move
digest order
digest put
digest change
digest abridge
digest change
digest decrease
digest change
digest decompose
digest separate
digestion entity
digestion process
digestion entity
digestion process
digestion abstraction
digestion cognition
digestion entity
digestion learning
digestion process
digestive entity
digestive matter
digestive substance
digger employee
digger entity
digger laborer
digger object
digger organism
digger person
digger whole
digger worker
digger workman
diggings artifact
diggings entity
diggings excavation
diggings object
diggings whole
diggings artifact
diggings entity
diggings housing
diggings object
diggings structure
diggings whole
digit abstraction
digit entity
digit integer
digit measure
digit number
digit entity
digit extremity
digit part
digit thing
digitization abstraction
digitization calculation
digitization cognition
digitization conversion
digitization entity
digitization process
digitization thinking
dignity abstraction
dignity attribute
dignity entity
dignity feeling
dignity pride
dignity state
dignity abstraction
dignity attribute
dignity bearing
dignity entity
dignity manner
dignity trait
dignity abstraction
dignity attribute
dignity entity
dignity state
dignity status
dike enclose
dike surround
dike touch
dilation abstraction
dilation act
dilation communication
dilation discussion
dilation entity
dilation event
dilation abstraction
dilation act
dilation action
dilation change
dilation entity
dilation event
dilation expansion
dilation increase
dilemma abstraction
dilemma attribute
dilemma condition
dilemma confusion
dilemma entity
dilemma state
diligence abstraction
diligence attentiveness
diligence attribute
diligence carefulness
diligence entity
diligence trait
diligence abstraction
diligence attribute
diligence determination
diligence entity
diligence resoluteness
diligence trait
dill entity
dill herb
dill object
dill organism
dill plant
dill whole
dill entity
dill food
dill foodstuff
dill herb
dill ingredient
dill matter
dill substance
dilute change
dilute weaken
dilution abstraction
dilution entity
dilution matter
dilution mixture
dilution part
dilution relation
dilution solution
dilution substance
dilution abstraction
dilution act
dilution action
dilution change
dilution decrease
dilution entity
dilution event
dilution weakening
dim change
dim darken
dime abstraction
dime coinage
dime coin
dime currency
dime entity
dime measure
dime standard
dimension abstraction
dimension attribute
dimension entity
dimension magnitude
dimension property
dimension abstraction
dimension coordinate
dimension entity
dimension measure
dimension number
dimension act
dimension communicate
dimension inform
dimension interact
dimension mark
dimension tell
dimension change
dimension shape
diminish change
diminish decrease
diminutive abstraction
diminutive entity
diminutive part
diminutive relation
diminutive word
dimple abstraction
dimple attribute
dimple depression
dimple entity
dimple shape
dimple solid
dimple abstraction
dimple attribute
dimple depression
dimple entity
dimple shape
dimple solid
dimple change
dimple mark
dimple act
dimple communicate
dimple interact
dimple smile
dine consume
dine eat
dine feed
dine give
dine provide
dine transfer
diner consumer
diner eater
diner entity
diner object
diner organism
diner person
diner user
diner whole
diner artifact
diner building
diner entity
diner object
diner restaurant
diner structure
diner whole
ding abstraction
ding entity
ding event
ding happening
ding sound
ding ring
ding sound
dinghy artifact
dinghy boat
dinghy conveyance
dinghy craft
dinghy entity
dinghy instrumentality
dinghy object
dinghy vehicle
dinghy vessel
dinghy whole
dingo animal
dingo canine
dingo carnivore
dingo entity
dingo mammal
dingo object
dingo organism
dingo vertebrate
dingo whole
dining consumption
dining eating
dining entity
dining process
dinky artifact
dinky container
dinky conveyance
dinky entity
dinky instrumentality
dinky locomotive
dinky object
dinky vehicle
dinky whole
dinner entity
dinner food
dinner matter
dinner meal
dinner substance
dinner abstraction
dinner entity
dinner gathering
dinner group
dinner party
dinosaur animal
dinosaur entity
dinosaur object
dinosaur organism
dinosaur reptile
dinosaur vertebrate
dinosaur whole
diocese district
diocese entity
diocese jurisdiction
diocese location
diocese object
diocese region
dioxide abstraction
dioxide chemical
dioxide compound
dioxide entity
dioxide material
dioxide matter
dioxide oxide
dioxide part
dioxide relation
dioxide substance
dip abstraction
dip attribute
dip depression
dip entity
dip shape
dip solid
dip abstraction
dip angle
dip attribute
dip entity
dip location
dip object
dip shape
dip space
dip condiment
dip entity
dip food
dip foodstuff
dip ingredient
dip matter
dip substance
dip abstraction
dip descent
dip entity
dip event
dip happening
dip movement
dip sinking
dip artifact
dip candle
dip device
dip entity
dip instrumentality
dip lamp
dip object
dip whole
dip abstraction
dip act
dip activity
dip diversion
dip entity
dip event
dip sport
dip swimming
dip abstraction
dip act
dip activity
dip effort
dip entity
dip event
dip exercise
dip labor
dip work
dip change
dip decline
dip decrease
dip change
dip dye
dip stain
dip remove
dip withdraw
dip lower
dip move
dip decline
dip descend
dip drop
dip travel
dip bend
dip change
dip lean
dip slope
dip enter
dip immerse
dip penetrate
dip make
dip enter
dip immerse
dip penetrate
dip enter
dip immerse
dip penetrate
dip remove
dip scoop
diphtheria abstraction
diphtheria attribute
diphtheria condition
diphtheria disease
diphtheria entity
diphtheria illness
diphtheria state
diploma abstraction
diploma certificate
diploma communication
diploma document
diploma entity
diploma writing
diplomacy abstraction
diplomacy communication
diplomacy discussion
diplomacy entity
diplomacy negotiation
diplomacy speech
diplomat entity
diplomat object
diplomat official
diplomat organism
diplomat person
diplomat whole
diplomat worker
diplomat entity
diplomat mediator
diplomat negotiator
diplomat object
diplomat organism
diplomat person
diplomat whole
direct ask
direct communicate
direct convey
direct move
direct order
direct request
direct transfer
direct make
direct control
direct manage
direct act
direct communicate
direct inform
direct instruct
direct interact
direction entity
direction line
direction location
direction object
direction path
direction abstraction
direction entity
direction position
direction relation
direction abstraction
direction attitude
direction cognition
direction entity
direction inclination
direction abstraction
direction communication
direction entity
direction message
directive abstraction
directive communication
directive declaration
directive entity
directive message
directive pronouncement
directive statement
directivity abstraction
directivity attribute
directivity entity
directivity property
directivity abstraction
directivity attribute
directivity entity
directivity quality
directness abstraction
directness attribute
directness characteristic
directness entity
directness quality
director administrator
director entity
director head
director leader
director object
director organism
director person
director whole
director associate
director entity
director member
director object
director organism
director peer
director person
director whole
director entity
director leader
director object
director organism
director person
director superior
director supervisor
director whole
directorship abstraction
directorship act
directorship activity
directorship entity
directorship event
directorship occupation
directorship position
directory artifact
directory book
directory creation
directory entity
directory object
directory product
directory publication
directory whole
directory work
directory abstraction
directory communication
directory database
directory entity
directory information
directory list
directory message
dirt abstraction
dirt attribute
dirt condition
dirt entity
dirt state
dirty change
disability abstraction
disability attribute
disability condition
disability entity
disability state
disable change
disable hurt
disable injure
disabled abstraction
disabled entity
disabled group
disabled people
disadvantage abstraction
disadvantage attribute
disadvantage bad
disadvantage entity
disadvantage liability
disadvantage quality
disadvantage determine
disadvantage discriminate
disadvantage distinguish
disadvantage identify
disaffection abstraction
disaffection attribute
disaffection disloyalty
disaffection entity
disaffection infidelity
disaffection quality
disagree be
disagreement abstraction
disagreement attribute
disagreement conflict
disagreement entity
disagreement state
disagreement abstraction
disagreement act
disagreement entity
disagreement event
disappearance abstraction
disappearance act
disappearance departure
disappearance entity
disappearance event
disappearance abstraction
disappearance entity
disappearance event
disappearance happening
disappearance abstraction
disappearance entity
disappearance event
disappearance happening
disappoint prevent
disappointment abstraction
disappointment attribute
disappointment desire
disappointment dissatisfaction
disappointment entity
disappointment feeling
disappointment longing
disappointment state
disappointment abstraction
disappointment act
disappointment entity
disappointment event
disappointment failure
disappointment mistake
disapproval abstraction
disapproval attribute
disapproval dislike
disapproval entity
disapproval feeling
disapproval state
disapproval abstraction
disapproval communication
disapproval entity
disapproval message
disapproval abstraction
disapproval act
disapproval entity
disapproval event
disapproval judgment
disapprove evaluate
disapprove think
disapprove evaluate
disapprove think
disarm convert
disarm induce
disarm persuade
disarm deprive
disarm take
disarray abstraction
disarray attribute
disarray entity
disarray trait
disaster abstraction
disaster act
disaster action
disaster change
disaster destruction
disaster entity
disaster event
disaster termination
disband disperse
disband separate
disband move
disband separate
disbandment abstraction
disbandment act
disbandment entity
disbandment event
disburse give
disburse pay
disburse transfer
discard entity
discard object
discard abandonment
discard abstraction
discard act
discard disposal
discard entity
discard event
discard abandonment
discard abstraction
discard act
discard disposal
discard entity
discard event
discernment abstraction
discernment cognition
discernment entity
discernment perception
discharge abstraction
discharge entity
discharge event
discharge happening
discharge abstraction
discharge act
discharge emission
discharge entity
discharge event
discharge abstraction
discharge entity
discharge material
discharge matter
discharge part
discharge relation
discharge substance
discharge entity
discharge process
discharge conduction
discharge entity
discharge phenomenon
discharge process
discharge abstraction
discharge entity
discharge event
discharge flow
discharge happening
discharge movement
discharge abstraction
discharge act
discharge entity
discharge event
discharge propulsion
discharge shooting
discharge spread
discharge remove
disciple entity
disciple follower
disciple object
disciple organism
disciple person
disciple whole
discipline abstraction
discipline cognition
discipline content
discipline entity
discipline ability
discipline abstraction
discipline cognition
discipline entity
discipline method
discipline system
discipline abstraction
discipline attribute
discipline entity
discipline trait
discipline abstraction
discipline act
discipline activity
discipline entity
discipline event
discipline training
discipline abstraction
discipline act
discipline entity
discipline event
discipline punishment
discipline change
discipline develop
discipline punish
disclaimer abstraction
disclaimer act
disclaimer entity
disclaimer event
disclaimer rejection
disclose show
disclose uncover
disclosure abstraction
disclosure act
disclosure entity
disclosure event
disco abstraction
disco communication
disco entity
disco music
disco area
disco artifact
disco entity
disco object
disco room
disco structure
disco whole
disco dance
disco move
discography abstraction
discography catalog
discography communication
discography database
discography entity
discography information
discography list
discography message
discomfort abstraction
discomfort attribute
discomfort condition
discomfort entity
discomfort state
discomfort abstraction
discomfort attribute
discomfort entity
discomfort feeling
discomfort pain
discomfort state
discomfort suffering
disconnect move
disconnect separate
disconnection abstraction
disconnection act
disconnection action
disconnection change
disconnection entity
disconnection event
disconnection separation
discontinuance abstraction
discontinuance act
discontinuance action
discontinuance change
discontinuance entity
discontinuance event
discontinuance termination
discontinue end
discontinuity abstraction
discontinuity attribute
discontinuity entity
discontinuity separation
discontinuity state
discord abstraction
discord attribute
discord disorder
discord entity
discord state
discord abstraction
discord act
discord disagreement
discord entity
discord event
discord abstraction
discord act
discord conflict
discord entity
discord event
discord strife
discordance abstraction
discordance attribute
discordance entity
discordance property
discount abstraction
discount act
discount action
discount change
discount decrease
discount entity
discount event
discount change
discount decrease
discount reduce
discount shave
discouragement abstraction
discouragement attribute
discouragement despair
discouragement entity
discouragement feeling
discouragement state
discouragement abstraction
discouragement communication
discouragement disapproval
discouragement entity
discouragement message
discouragement abstraction
discouragement act
discouragement deterrence
discouragement entity
discouragement event
discouragement hindrance
discourse abstraction
discourse entity
discourse part
discourse relation
discourse act
discourse broach
discourse communicate
discourse cover
discourse interact
discourse talk
discover make
discover learn
discovery abstraction
discovery act
discovery entity
discovery event
discovery abstraction
discovery act
discovery disclosure
discovery entity
discovery event
discovery abstraction
discovery cognition
discovery entity
discovery insight
discovery knowing
discovery process
discovery understanding
discovery abstraction
discovery act
discovery disclosure
discovery entity
discovery event
discredit dismiss
discredit evaluate
discredit reject
discredit think
discredit comment
discredit disparage
discredit express
discredit knock
discredit note
discredit state
discrepancy abstraction
discrepancy attribute
discrepancy difference
discrepancy entity
discrepancy quality
discrepancy abstraction
discrepancy change
discrepancy deviation
discrepancy entity
discrepancy event
discrepancy happening
discrepancy variation
discretion abstraction
discretion attribute
discretion entity
discretion freedom
discretion liberty
discretion state
discretion ability
discretion abstraction
discretion cognition
discretion entity
discretion wisdom
discretion abstraction
discretion attribute
discretion entity
discretion trait
discretion wisdom
discriminate determine
discriminate distinguish
discriminate identify
discriminate determine
discriminate distinguish
discriminate identify
discriminate spot
discrimination abstraction
discrimination act
discrimination entity
discrimination event
discrimination abstraction
discrimination cognition
discrimination entity
discrimination process
discussion abstraction
discussion act
discussion communication
discussion entity
discussion event
discussion abstraction
discussion communication
discussion entity
discussion speech
disease abstraction
disease attribute
disease condition
disease entity
disease illness
disease state
disengage change
disengagement abstraction
disengagement act
disengagement departure
disengagement entity
disengagement event
disengagement retreat
disengagement withdrawal
disfigurement abstraction
disfigurement appearance
disfigurement attribute
disfigurement entity
disfigurement quality
disguise abstraction
disguise appearance
disguise attribute
disguise entity
disguise quality
disguise semblance
disguise artifact
disguise attire
disguise clothing
disguise commodity
disguise covering
disguise entity
disguise object
disguise whole
disguise abstraction
disguise act
disguise activity
disguise entity
disguise event
disguise hide
disgust abstraction
disgust attribute
disgust dislike
disgust entity
disgust feeling
disgust state
disgust stimulate
disgust repel
dish article
dish artifact
dish container
dish crockery
dish entity
dish instrumentality
dish object
dish ware
dish whole
dish entity
dish food
dish matter
dish substance
dish abstraction
dish entity
dish measure
dish antenna
dish artifact
dish device
dish entity
dish instrumentality
dish object
dish whole
dish change
dish shape
dishonesty abstraction
dishonesty attribute
dishonesty entity
dishonesty immorality
dishonesty quality
dishonesty abstraction
dishonesty act
dishonesty activity
dishonesty entity
dishonesty event
dishwasher appliance
dishwasher artifact
dishwasher commodity
dishwasher entity
dishwasher object
dishwasher whole
dishwasher employee
dishwasher entity
dishwasher laborer
dishwasher object
dishwasher organism
dishwasher person
dishwasher whole
dishwasher worker
dishwasher workman
disincentive abstraction
disincentive entity
disincentive motivation
disinfection abstraction
disinfection act
disinfection activity
disinfection care
disinfection entity
disinfection event
disinfection treatment
disinfection work
disinformation abstraction
disinformation communication
disinformation entity
disinformation information
disinformation message
disinformation misinformation
disintegration abstraction
disintegration attribute
disintegration condition
disintegration disability
disintegration entity
disintegration state
disjoint move
disjoint separate
disk abstraction
disk attribute
disk entity
disk shape
disk artifact
disk circle
disk device
disk entity
disk instrumentality
disk mechanism
disk object
disk plate
disk sheet
disk whole
dislike abstraction
dislike attribute
dislike entity
dislike feeling
dislike state
dislocate move
dislocate displace
dislocate move
dislocation abstraction
dislocation entity
dislocation event
dislocation happening
dislocation interruption
dislocation abstraction
dislocation act
dislocation action
dislocation change
dislocation disruption
dislocation disturbance
dislocation entity
dislocation event
dislocation motion
dislocation abstraction
dislocation attribute
dislocation condition
dislocation entity
dislocation injury
dislocation state
disloyalty abstraction
disloyalty attribute
disloyalty entity
disloyalty infidelity
disloyalty quality
dismay arouse
dismay frighten
dismay make
dismay stimulate
dismemberment abstraction
dismemberment accident
dismemberment act
dismemberment activity
dismemberment entity
dismemberment event
dismemberment happening
dismemberment injury
dismemberment maltreatment
dismemberment misfortune
dismemberment mishap
dismemberment persecution
dismemberment practice
dismemberment torture
dismemberment trouble
dismiss evaluate
dismiss reject
dismiss think
dismiss displace
dismiss remove
dismiss address
dismiss come
dismiss greet
dismiss travel
dismissal abstraction
dismissal act
dismissal entity
dismissal event
dismissal notice
dismissal telling
dismissal abstraction
dismissal approval
dismissal communication
dismissal entity
dismissal message
dismissal permission
dismissal abstraction
dismissal act
dismissal action
dismissal change
dismissal entity
dismissal event
dismissal termination
disobedience abstraction
disobedience act
disobedience entity
disobedience event
disobedience resistance
disobedience abstraction
disobedience attribute
disobedience entity
disobedience trait
disobey act
disobey react
disobey refuse
disorder abstraction
disorder attribute
disorder condition
disorder entity
disorder state
disorder abstraction
disorder attribute
disorder entity
disorder state
disorder change
disorderliness abstraction
disorderliness attribute
disorderliness condition
disorderliness entity
disorderliness state
disparage comment
disparage express
disparage knock
disparage note
disparage state
disparity abstraction
disparity attribute
disparity difference
disparity entity
disparity inequality
disparity quality
dispassion abstraction
dispassion attribute
dispassion entity
dispassion trait
dispatch abstraction
dispatch communication
dispatch entity
dispatch information
dispatch message
dispatch news
dispatch report
dispatch abstraction
dispatch act
dispatch departure
dispatch entity
dispatch event
dispatch abstraction
dispatch attribute
dispatch entity
dispatch pace
dispatch property
dispatch abstraction
dispatch act
dispatch action
dispatch change
dispatch entity
dispatch event
dispatch killing
dispatch termination
dispatch move
dispatch transport
dispatch cause
dispatch change
dispatch complete
dispatch effect
dispatch end
dispatch make
dispatch act
dispatch kill
dispensary artifact
dispensary building
dispensary clinic
dispensary entity
dispensary object
dispensary structure
dispensary whole
dispensation abstraction
dispensation act
dispensation authorization
dispensation entity
dispensation event
dispensation license
dispensation management
dispensation abstraction
dispensation assets
dispensation entity
dispensation possession
dispensation relation
dispensation share
dispensation abstraction
dispensation act
dispensation distribution
dispensation entity
dispensation event
dispense exempt
disperse separate
disperse move
disperse separate
disperse change
disperse separate
dispersion abstraction
dispersion entity
dispersion event
dispersion happening
dispersion movement
dispersion spread
dispersion abstraction
dispersion act
dispersion action
dispersion change
dispersion entity
dispersion event
dispersion expansion
dispersion extension
dispersion increase
dispersion spread
displace move
displace remove
displacement entity
displacement process
displacement abstraction
displacement cognition
displacement entity
displacement process
displacement abstraction
displacement act
displacement action
displacement change
displacement entity
displacement event
displacement movement
displacement abstraction
displacement act
displacement entity
displacement event
displacement rejection
display abstraction
display communication
display demonstration
display entity
display abstraction
display act
display activity
display diversion
display entertainment
display entity
display event
display show
display artifact
display creation
display entity
display object
display representation
display whole
display abstraction
display act
display disclosure
display entity
display event
display abstraction
display communication
display entity
display artifact
display device
display entity
display instrumentality
display object
display whole
display act
display woo
displeasure abstraction
displeasure anger
displeasure annoyance
displeasure attribute
displeasure desire
displeasure dissatisfaction
displeasure emotion
displeasure entity
displeasure feeling
displeasure longing
displeasure state
disposable entity
disposable item
disposable object
disposable whole
disposal abstraction
disposal attribute
disposal entity
disposal power
disposal quality
disposal abstraction
disposal act
disposal entity
disposal event
disposal appliance
disposal artifact
disposal commodity
disposal entity
disposal object
disposal whole
dispose exchange
dispose sell
dispose transfer
dispose cause
dispose determine
dispose make
dispose move
dispose put
disposition abstraction
disposition attribute
disposition entity
disposition nature
disposition trait
disposition abstraction
disposition attribute
disposition entity
disposition property
dispute abstraction
dispute act
dispute disagreement
dispute entity
dispute event
dispute abstraction
dispute act
dispute entity
dispute event
dispute resistance
disqualification abstraction
disqualification attribute
disqualification entity
disqualification quality
disqualification abstraction
disqualification act
disqualification entity
disqualification event
disqualification hindrance
disqualification prevention
disregard abstraction
disregard cognition
disregard entity
disregard process
disregard abstraction
disregard act
disregard activity
disregard entity
disregard event
disregard practice
disrepair abstraction
disrepair attribute
disrepair condition
disrepair entity
disrepair state
disruption abstraction
disruption act
disruption action
disruption change
disruption disturbance
disruption entity
disruption event
disruption motion
dissatisfaction abstraction
dissatisfaction attribute
dissatisfaction desire
dissatisfaction entity
dissatisfaction feeling
dissatisfaction longing
dissatisfaction state
dissect cut
dissect move
dissect separate
dissection abstraction
dissection act
dissection action
dissection change
dissection cut
dissection division
dissection entity
dissection event
dissection separation
dissection abstraction
dissection analysis
dissection cognition
dissection entity
dissection process
dissection reasoning
dissection thinking
dissection abstraction
dissection act
dissection activity
dissection analysis
dissection entity
dissection event
dissection investigation
dissection work
dissemble disguise
dissemble hide
dissemination abstraction
dissemination act
dissemination communication
dissemination entity
dissemination event
dissemination transmission
dissemination abstraction
dissemination distribution
dissemination entity
dissemination placement
dissemination position
dissemination relation
dissemination spacing
dissent abstraction
dissent act
dissent entity
dissent event
dissent objection
dissent abstraction
dissent act
dissent disagreement
dissent entity
dissent event
dissent disagree
dissertation abstraction
dissertation communication
dissertation entity
dissertation writing
disservice abstraction
disservice act
disservice activity
disservice entity
disservice event
disservice injury
dissipate live
dissipation abstraction
dissipation dispersion
dissipation entity
dissipation event
dissipation happening
dissipation movement
dissipation spread
dissociation abstraction
dissociation act
dissociation action
dissociation change
dissociation entity
dissociation event
dissociation separation
dissociation abstraction
dissociation attribute
dissociation condition
dissociation entity
dissociation state
dissociation entity
dissociation process
dissolution entity
dissolution process
dissolution abstraction
dissolution act
dissolution action
dissolution change
dissolution entity
dissolution event
dissolution termination
dissolve abstraction
dissolve communication
dissolve entity
dissolve music
dissolve passage
dissolve section
dissolve transition
dissolve writing
dissolve change
dissolve end
dissolve arouse
dissolve make
dissolve upset
dissolve act
dissolve change
dissolve end
dissolve change
dissolving entity
dissolving process
distance abstraction
distance entity
distance placement
distance position
distance relation
distance spacing
distance entity
distance location
distance object
distance region
distance abstraction
distance attribute
distance entity
distance magnitude
distance property
distance size
distance abstraction
distance attribute
distance entity
distance feeling
distance indifference
distance state
distance abstraction
distance entity
distance measure
distance abstraction
distance entity
distance measure
distance point
distance keep
distillation entity
distillation process
distillery artifact
distillery entity
distillery object
distillery plant
distillery structure
distillery whole
distinction abstraction
distinction attribute
distinction entity
distinction quality
distinction abstraction
distinction attribute
distinction difference
distinction entity
distinction quality
distinctness abstraction
distinctness attribute
distinctness clearness
distinctness entity
distinctness quality
distinguish determine
distinguish identify
distinguish qualify
distinguish remember
distortion abstraction
distortion change
distortion damage
distortion entity
distortion event
distortion happening
distortion entity
distortion phenomenon
distortion process
distortion abstraction
distortion act
distortion activity
distortion entity
distortion event
distortion falsification
distortion abstraction
distortion act
distortion entity
distortion event
distortion mistake
distract arouse
distract confuse
distract make
distract upset
distraction abstraction
distraction attribute
distraction condition
distraction confusion
distraction entity
distraction state
distraction abstraction
distraction cognition
distraction entity
distraction process
distraction abstraction
distraction act
distraction action
distraction change
distraction entity
distraction event
distraction revision
distraction transformation
distress abstraction
distress attribute
distress entity
distress feeling
distress pain
distress state
distress abstraction
distress adversity
distress attribute
distress condition
distress entity
distress fortune
distress misfortune
distress state
distress abstraction
distress cognition
distress entity
distress evidence
distress information
distress pain
distress symptom
distress abstraction
distress act
distress appropriation
distress entity
distress event
distress seizure
distress affect
distress disturb
distribute give
distribute transfer
distribute give
distribute circulate
distribute move
distribute spread
distribute exist
distribute be
distribution abstraction
distribution arrangement
distribution cognition
distribution entity
distribution structure
distribution abstraction
distribution entity
distribution placement
distribution position
distribution relation
distribution spacing
distribution abstraction
distribution act
distribution entity
distribution event
distribution abstraction
distribution act
distribution commerce
distribution entity
distribution event
distribution transaction
distributor businessperson
distributor capitalist
distributor entity
distributor object
distributor organism
distributor person
distributor supplier
distributor whole
distributor abstraction
distributor company
distributor entity
distributor group
distributor institution
distributor organization
distributor artifact
distributor device
distributor entity
distributor instrumentality
distributor object
distributor whole
district entity
district location
district object
district region
distrust abstraction
distrust attribute
distrust entity
distrust trait
distrust evaluate
distrust reject
distrust think
disturb affect
disturb change
disturb damage
disturbance abstraction
disturbance agitation
disturbance attribute
disturbance condition
disturbance entity
disturbance state
disturbance abstraction
disturbance attribute
disturbance disorder
disturbance entity
disturbance state
disturbance abstraction
disturbance act
disturbance action
disturbance change
disturbance entity
disturbance event
disturbance motion
disturber entity
disturber object
disturber organism
disturber person
disturber whole
disunion abstraction
disunion act
disunion action
disunion change
disunion entity
disunion event
disunion separation
ditch artifact
ditch entity
ditch excavation
ditch object
ditch whole
ditch entity
ditch thing
ditch waterway
ditch abandon
ditch leave
ditch arrive
ditch land
ditch collide
ditch crash
ditto act
ditto communicate
ditto inform
ditto interact
ditto repeat
ditto tell
dive abstraction
dive act
dive activity
dive diversion
dive entity
dive event
dive sport
dive swimming
dive abstraction
dive act
dive action
dive change
dive descent
dive entity
dive event
dive motion
dive descend
dive travel
dive descend
dive sink
dive submerge
dive travel
dive swim
dive travel
diver entity
diver explorer
diver object
diver organism
diver person
diver whole
diver athlete
diver contestant
diver entity
diver object
diver organism
diver person
diver swimmer
diver whole
diverge move
diverge be
divergence abstraction
divergence act
divergence action
divergence change
divergence entity
divergence event
divergence separation
divergence abstraction
divergence entity
divergence function
divergence relation
divergence series
diversification abstraction
diversification act
diversification action
diversification change
diversification entity
diversification event
diversification abstraction
diversification attribute
diversification condition
diversification entity
diversification state
diversify change
diversion abstraction
diversion act
diversion activity
diversion entity
diversion event
diversion abstraction
diversion act
diversion action
diversion change
diversion entity
diversion event
diversion turn
diversion abstraction
diversion act
diversion activity
diversion attack
diversion entity
diversion event
diversion operation
diversity abstraction
diversity attribute
diversity condition
diversity entity
diversity state
divert move
divert send
divert remove
divert withdraw
divide abstraction
divide attribute
divide conflict
divide disagreement
divide entity
divide state
divide change
divide calculate
divide reason
divide think
dividend abstraction
dividend assets
dividend entity
dividend gain
dividend income
dividend possession
dividend relation
dividend sum
dividend abstraction
dividend entity
dividend measure
dividend number
dividend abstraction
dividend bonus
dividend cost
dividend entity
dividend payment
dividend possession
dividend relation
divider entity
divider object
divider organism
divider person
divider whole
divider artifact
divider device
divider entity
divider instrumentality
divider instrument
divider object
divider whole
divination abstraction
divination communication
divination entity
divination guess
divination message
divination opinion
divination abstraction
divination cognition
divination entity
divination prediction
divination process
divination prophecy
divination reasoning
divination thinking
divine perceive
divine search
diving abstraction
diving contest
diving entity
diving event
diving match
divinity abstraction
divinity attribute
divinity entity
divinity quality
divinity candy
divinity dainty
divinity entity
divinity food
divinity matter
divinity substance
divinity sweet
divisibility abstraction
divisibility attribute
divisibility entity
divisibility quality
division abstraction
division entity
division group
division organization
division unit
division abstraction
division act
division action
division change
division entity
division event
division separation
division abstraction
division entity
division group
division organization
division unit
division abstraction
division act
division disagreement
division discord
division entity
division event
division abstraction
division entity
division group
division abstraction
division entity
division group
division abstraction
division entity
division group
division organization
division unit
division abstraction
division entity
division group
division organization
division unit
division abstraction
division act
division activity
division calculation
division entity
division event
division procedure
division abstraction
division act
division action
division change
division entity
division event
division separation
divisor abstraction
divisor entity
divisor integer
divisor measure
divisor number
divisor abstraction
divisor entity
divisor measure
divisor number
divorce abstraction
divorce act
divorce entity
divorce event
divorce separation
divorce separate
dizziness abstraction
dizziness cognition
dizziness entity
dizziness evidence
dizziness information
dizziness symptom
dizzy change
do abstraction
do entity
do part
do relation
do syllable
do cause
do change
do complete
do effect
do end
do make
do happen
do proceed
do create
do make
do travel
docility abstraction
docility attribute
docility entity
docility trait
dock area
dock artifact
dock enclosure
dock entity
dock object
dock structure
dock whole
dock entity
dock herb
dock object
dock organism
dock plant
dock whole
dock artifact
dock entity
dock object
dock platform
dock surface
dock whole
dock artifact
dock entity
dock landing
dock object
dock structure
dock whole
dock entity
dock part
dock thing
dock enter
dock deny
dock deprive
dock have
dock keep
dock withhold
dock have
dock keep
dock withhold
dock cut
dock move
dock separate
dock control
dock steer
docking abstraction
docking act
docking action
docking arrival
docking entity
docking event
dockyard district
dockyard entity
dockyard location
dockyard object
dockyard region
dockyard waterfront
doctor adult
doctor entity
doctor object
doctor organism
doctor person
doctor professional
doctor whole
doctor abstraction
doctor act
doctor activity
doctor diversion
doctor entity
doctor event
doctor play
doctor entity
doctor intellectual
doctor object
doctor organism
doctor person
doctor scholar
doctor whole
doctor treat
doctrine abstraction
doctrine belief
doctrine cognition
doctrine content
doctrine entity
document abstraction
document communication
document entity
document writing
document artifact
document creation
document entity
document object
document representation
document whole
document abstraction
document communication
document entity
document have
document keep
document record
document save
document confirm
documentary abstraction
documentary artifact
documentary creation
documentary entity
documentary event
documentary movie
documentary object
documentary product
documentary show
documentary whole
documentation abstraction
documentation communication
documentation confirmation
documentation entity
documentation information
documentation message
documentation abstraction
documentation act
documentation determination
documentation discovery
documentation entity
documentation event
documentation validation
dodge abstraction
dodge act
dodge entity
dodge escape
dodge evasion
dodge event
dodge abstraction
dodge communication
dodge entity
dodge falsehood
dodge message
dodge statement
dodge move
dodger deceiver
dodger entity
dodger object
dodger organism
dodger person
dodger whole
doe animal
doe entity
doe mammal
doe object
doe organism
doe vertebrate
doe whole
dog animal
dog canine
dog carnivore
dog entity
dog mammal
dog object
dog organism
dog vertebrate
dog whole
dog chap
dog entity
dog male
dog object
dog organism
dog person
dog whole
dogma abstraction
dogma belief
dogma cognition
dogma content
dogma doctrine
dogma entity
dogma abstraction
dogma belief
dogma cognition
dogma content
dogma doctrine
dogma entity
doily artifact
doily commodity
doily entity
doily linen
doily object
doily whole
dole abstraction
dole assets
dole entity
dole possession
dole relation
dole share
dole abstraction
dole acquisition
dole aid
dole entity
dole gift
dole possession
dole relation
doll artifact
doll entity
doll object
doll plaything
doll whole
dollar abstraction
dollar entity
dollar measure
dollar abstraction
dollar bill
dollar currency
dollar entity
dollar measure
dollar standard
dollar abstraction
dollar coinage
dollar coin
dollar currency
dollar entity
dollar measure
dollar standard
dollar abstraction
dollar communication
dollar entity
dollar signal
dollar symbol
dolly artifact
dolly conveyance
dolly entity
dolly instrumentality
dolly object
dolly whole
dolly artifact
dolly conveyance
dolly entity
dolly instrumentality
dolly object
dolly whole
dolphin animal
dolphin entity
dolphin mammal
dolphin object
dolphin organism
dolphin vertebrate
dolphin whale
dolphin whole
domain entity
domain location
domain object
domain region
domain abstraction
domain entity
domain set
dome abstraction
dome attribute
dome entity
dome shape
dome solid
dome artifact
dome entity
dome object
dome stadium
dome structure
dome whole
dome artifact
dome covering
dome entity
dome object
dome roof
dome whole
domestic entity
domestic object
domestic organism
domestic person
domestic servant
domestic whole
domestic worker
domesticate adapt
domesticate change
domesticate adapt
domesticate change
domestication adaptation
domestication entity
domestication process
domestication abstraction
domestication adjustment
domestication change
domestication entity
domestication event
domestication happening
domestication improvement
domestication transformation
dominance abstraction
dominance attribute
dominance condition
dominance entity
dominance state
dominance entity
dominance phenomenon
dominance process
dominant abstraction
dominant communication
dominant entity
dominant notation
dominant note
dominant writing
dominate affect
dominate change
dominate influence
dominate control
dominate be
dominate lie
domination abstraction
domination act
domination entity
domination event
domination abstraction
domination attribute
domination condition
domination dominance
domination entity
domination state
dominion abstraction
dominion attribute
dominion condition
dominion dominance
dominion entity
dominion state
dominion abstraction
dominion entity
dominion group
dominion organization
dominion state
dominion unit
domino artifact
domino cloak
domino clothing
domino commodity
domino covering
domino entity
domino garment
domino object
domino whole
domino artifact
domino attire
domino clothing
domino commodity
domino covering
domino disguise
domino entity
domino mask
domino object
domino whole
domino artifact
domino block
domino entity
domino object
domino whole
donate give
donkey abstraction
donkey cognition
donkey emblem
donkey entity
donkey process
donkey symbol
donor benefactor
donor entity
donor object
donor organism
donor person
donor whole
donor benefactor
donor entity
donor object
donor organism
donor person
donor whole
doodle draw
doodle make
doodle represent
doom abstraction
doom destiny
doom entity
doom event
doom happening
doom guarantee
doomed abstraction
doomed entity
doomed group
doomed people
door artifact
door barrier
door entity
door object
door obstruction
door structure
door whole
door abstraction
door cognition
door concept
door content
door entity
door idea
door right
door artifact
door entity
door object
door structure
door whole
door area
door artifact
door entity
door object
door room
door structure
door whole
doorway access
doorway artifact
doorway entity
doorway entrance
doorway object
doorway way
doorway whole
dopamine abstraction
dopamine chemical
dopamine compound
dopamine entity
dopamine material
dopamine matter
dopamine part
dopamine relation
dopamine substance
dormitory artifact
dormitory building
dormitory entity
dormitory housing
dormitory object
dormitory structure
dormitory whole
dormitory area
dormitory artifact
dormitory bedroom
dormitory entity
dormitory object
dormitory room
dormitory structure
dormitory whole
dose agent
dose drug
dose entity
dose matter
dose medicine
dose substance
dose abstraction
dose entity
dose measure
dose affect
dose change
dose process
dossier abstraction
dossier communication
dossier entity
dossier evidence
dossier indication
dossier record
dot abstraction
dot communication
dot entity
dot signal
dot be
dot cover
dot change
dot mark
dot trace
dot write
dot change
dot mark
double abstraction
double accomplishment
double act
double action
double entity
double event
double feat
double hit
double entity
double object
double organism
double peer
double person
double whole
double entity
double object
double organism
double person
double whole
double abstraction
double cognition
double concept
double content
double entity
double idea
double multiple
double product
double quantity
double change
double increase
double multiply
double hit
double move
double function
double bid
double compete
double play
doubling entity
doubling increase
doubling multiplication
doubling process
doubling abstraction
doubling act
doubling activity
doubling entity
doubling event
doubling gamble
doubling raise
doubling risk
doubling undertaking
doubling venture
doubling work
doubt abstraction
doubt attribute
doubt condition
doubt entity
doubt state
doubt abstraction
doubt attribute
doubt entity
doubt quality
doubt uncertainty
doubt evaluate
doubt reject
doubt think
doubt distrust
doubt evaluate
doubt reject
doubt think
dough concoction
dough entity
dough food
dough foodstuff
dough matter
dough substance
dove animal
dove bird
dove entity
dove object
dove organism
dove pigeon
dove vertebrate
dove whole
dove adult
dove entity
dove object
dove organism
dove person
dove whole
dove abstraction
dove cognition
dove emblem
dove entity
dove process
dove symbol
down abstraction
down covering
down entity
down feather
down material
down matter
down object
down part
down relation
down substance
down whole
down abstraction
down act
down activity
down entity
down event
down turn
down entity
down highland
down object
down covering
down entity
down hair
down object
down whole
down strike
down touch
downbeat abstraction
downbeat attribute
downbeat entity
downbeat rhythm
downbeat time
downcast artifact
downcast entity
downcast object
downcast passage
downcast shaft
downcast way
downcast whole
downfall abstraction
downfall entity
downfall event
downfall failure
downfall happening
downgrade abstraction
downgrade entity
downgrade grade
downgrade gradient
downgrade position
downgrade relation
downgrade evaluate
downgrade rate
downgrade think
downhill descent
downhill entity
downhill object
downhill slope
downhill abstraction
downhill contest
downhill entity
downhill event
downhill race
download move
download transfer
downpour entity
downpour phenomenon
downpour precipitation
downpour process
downpour rain
downpour weather
downsize displace
downsize furlough
downsize remove
downsize change
downsize decrease
downsize shrink
downsize change
downsize decrease
downsize reduce
downtime abstraction
downtime entity
downtime measure
downturn abstraction
downturn act
downturn action
downturn change
downturn entity
downturn event
downturn worsening
dowry abstraction
dowry acquisition
dowry entity
dowry gift
dowry possession
dowry relation
doze entity
doze process
doze sleeping
draft abstraction
draft communication
draft document
draft entity
draft writing
draft entity
draft phenomenon
draft process
draft weather
draft wind
draft artifact
draft creation
draft drawing
draft entity
draft object
draft representation
draft sketch
draft whole
draft abstraction
draft drink
draft entity
draft helping
draft measure
draft abstraction
draft communication
draft entity
draft matter
draft text
draft writing
draft abstraction
draft attribute
draft depth
draft entity
draft extent
draft magnitude
draft property
draft artifact
draft control
draft device
draft entity
draft instrumentality
draft mechanism
draft object
draft regulator
draft whole
draft agent
draft dose
draft drug
draft entity
draft matter
draft medicine
draft substance
draft abstraction
draft act
draft entity
draft event
draft propulsion
draft pull
draft make
draft write
drafting abstraction
drafting act
drafting activity
drafting creation
drafting entity
drafting event
drafting writing
drafting abstraction
drafting act
drafting activity
drafting entity
drafting event
drafting occupation
drafting trade
draftsman entity
draftsman object
draftsman organism
draftsman person
draftsman whole
draftsman worker
draftsman artist
draftsman creator
draftsman entity
draftsman object
draftsman organism
draftsman person
draftsman whole
drag entity
drag phenomenon
drag process
drag resistance
drag abstraction
drag cognition
drag difficulty
drag entity
drag hindrance
drag abstraction
drag attribute
drag dullness
drag entity
drag quality
drag artifact
drag clothing
drag commodity
drag covering
drag entity
drag object
drag whole
drag abstraction
drag act
drag entity
drag event
drag propulsion
drag pull
drag move
drag pull
drag travel
drag follow
drag lag
drag travel
drag move
drag induce
drag persuade
drag happen
drag proceed
dragon ability
dragon abstraction
dragon cognition
dragon creativity
dragon entity
dragon imagination
dragon monster
dragon entity
dragon object
dragon organism
dragon person
dragon whole
dragon animal
dragon entity
dragon lizard
dragon object
dragon organism
dragon reptile
dragon vertebrate
dragon whole
dragonfly animal
dragonfly entity
dragonfly insect
dragonfly invertebrate
dragonfly object
dragonfly organism
dragonfly whole
drain abstraction
drain act
drain action
drain change
drain entity
drain event
drain removal
drain separation
drain artifact
drain conduit
drain entity
drain object
drain passage
drain tube
drain way
drain whole
drain artifact
drain conduit
drain entity
drain object
drain passage
drain pipe
drain tube
drain way
drain whole
drain abstraction
drain act
drain action
drain change
drain decrease
drain depletion
drain entity
drain event
drain move
drain run
drain consume
drain give
drain pay
drain spend
drain transfer
drain change
drain empty
drake animal
drake bird
drake duck
drake entity
drake object
drake organism
drake vertebrate
drake waterfowl
drake whole
drama abstraction
drama entity
drama episode
drama event
drama happening
drama abstraction
drama communication
drama entity
drama abstraction
drama attribute
drama emotionality
drama entity
drama trait
dramatics abstraction
dramatics act
dramatics activity
dramatics education
dramatics entity
dramatics event
dramatist entity
dramatist object
dramatist organism
dramatist person
dramatist whole
dramatist writer
drape abstraction
drape attribute
drape entity
drape manner
drape property
drape artifact
drape covering
drape entity
drape object
drape whole
drape arrange
drape move
drape put
drape arrange
drape move
drape put
drape cover
drapery artifact
drapery entity
drapery fabric
drapery object
drapery whole
draw entity
draw gully
draw object
draw valley
draw abstraction
draw entity
draw event
draw finish
draw happening
draw entity
draw object
draw abstraction
draw card
draw entity
draw material
draw matter
draw paper
draw part
draw relation
draw substance
draw abstraction
draw cognition
draw content
draw entity
draw idea
draw plan
draw play
draw run
draw abstraction
draw act
draw activity
draw entity
draw event
draw game
draw poker
draw abstraction
draw act
draw entity
draw event
draw propulsion
draw pull
draw make
draw remove
draw make
draw represent
draw remove
draw choose
draw decide
draw arouse
draw make
draw travel
draw move
draw cause
draw effect
draw make
draw change
draw remove
draw make
draw write
draw act
draw create
draw close
draw be
draw necessitate
draw kill
draw change
draw decrease
draw reduce
draw thin
draw change
draw fill
draw impregnate
draw soak
draw steep
draw change
draw shape
draw control
draw forget
draw inhibit
draw restrain
draw restrict
draw suppress
drawback abstraction
drawback attribute
drawback bad
drawback disadvantage
drawback entity
drawback liability
drawback quality
drawer area
drawer artifact
drawer container
drawer entity
drawer instrumentality
drawer object
drawer structure
drawer whole
drawer entity
drawer object
drawer organism
drawer person
drawer whole
drawing abstraction
drawing artwork
drawing communication
drawing entity
drawing artifact
drawing creation
drawing entity
drawing object
drawing representation
drawing whole
drawing abstraction
drawing act
drawing activity
drawing art
drawing creation
drawing entity
drawing event
drawing abstraction
drawing act
drawing action
drawing change
drawing decrease
drawing depletion
drawing drain
drawing entity
drawing event
drawstring artifact
drawstring cord
drawstring entity
drawstring line
drawstring object
drawstring tie
drawstring whole
dream abstraction
dream cognition
dream entity
dream imagination
dream process
dream ability
dream abstraction
dream cognition
dream creativity
dream entity
dream imagination
dream abstraction
dream attribute
dream condition
dream entity
dream state
dream abstraction
dream attribute
dream entity
dream perfection
dream state
dream imagine
dream make
dream perceive
dreamer entity
dreamer object
dreamer organism
dreamer person
dreamer sleeper
dreamer whole
dregs entity
dregs matter
dregs sediment
dress artifact
dress clothing
dress commodity
dress covering
dress entity
dress object
dress whole
dress change
dress coat
dress cover
dress finish
dress change
dress dress
dress cook
dress make
dress move
dress position
dress put
dress arrange
dress move
dress put
dress cover
dress cut
dress move
dress separate
dress change
dress convert
dress treat
dress better
dress change
dress better
dress change
dress groom
dresser entity
dresser object
dresser organism
dresser person
dresser whole
dresser assistant
dresser entity
dresser object
dresser organism
dresser person
dresser whole
dresser worker
dresser artifact
dresser cabinet
dresser entity
dresser furnishing
dresser furniture
dresser instrumentality
dresser object
dresser whole
dressing condiment
dressing entity
dressing food
dressing foodstuff
dressing ingredient
dressing matter
dressing sauce
dressing substance
dressing artifact
dressing covering
dressing entity
dressing object
dressing whole
dressing abstraction
dressing act
dressing action
dressing change
dressing conversion
dressing entity
dressing event
dressing abstraction
dressing act
dressing activity
dressing covering
dressing entity
dressing event
dressing protection
dressing abstraction
dressing act
dressing activity
dressing care
dressing entity
dressing event
dressing treatment
dressing work
dressmaking abstraction
dressmaking act
dressmaking activity
dressmaking entity
dressmaking event
dressmaking occupation
dressmaking trade
dribble abstraction
dribble act
dribble entity
dribble event
dribble propulsion
dribble move
dribble pour
dribble hit
dribble move
drift entity
drift force
drift phenomenon
drift process
drift entity
drift process
drift entity
drift process
drift body
drift entity
drift mass
drift object
drift whole
drift abstraction
drift attitude
drift cognition
drift entity
drift inclination
drift abstraction
drift cognition
drift content
drift entity
drift idea
drift meaning
drift tenor
drift artifact
drift entity
drift object
drift passage
drift way
drift whole
drift differ
drift vary
drift circulate
drift travel
drift float
drift move
drift transport
drift crop
drift feed
drift give
drift provide
drift transfer
drift change
drift accumulate
drift change
drift increase
drifting abstraction
drifting act
drifting action
drifting change
drifting entity
drifting event
drifting motion
drifting travel
drifting wandering
driftwood abstraction
driftwood entity
driftwood material
driftwood matter
driftwood part
driftwood relation
driftwood substance
driftwood wood
drill artifact
drill entity
drill implement
drill instrumentality
drill object
drill tool
drill whole
drill animal
drill baboon
drill entity
drill mammal
drill monkey
drill object
drill organism
drill primate
drill vertebrate
drill whole
drill abstraction
drill act
drill activity
drill entity
drill event
drill training
drill act
drill communicate
drill inform
drill interact
drill teach
drill train
drill learn
drill act
drill communicate
drill inform
drill interact
drill teach
drill learn
drill train
drilling abstraction
drilling act
drilling activity
drilling creation
drilling entity
drilling event
drink abstraction
drink entity
drink helping
drink measure
drink abstraction
drink act
drink activity
drink entity
drink event
drink transgression
drink vice
drink entity
drink thing
drink consume
drink use
drinker consumer
drinker entity
drinker object
drinker organism
drinker person
drinker user
drinker whole
drinker consumer
drinker entity
drinker object
drinker organism
drinker person
drinker user
drinker whole
drinking consumption
drinking entity
drinking process
drive abstraction
drive act
drive entity
drive event
drive propulsion
drive artifact
drive device
drive entity
drive instrumentality
drive mechanism
drive object
drive whole
drive abstraction
drive attribute
drive entity
drive trait
drive abstraction
drive act
drive action
drive change
drive entity
drive event
drive maneuver
drive motion
drive stroke
drive abstraction
drive act
drive action
drive change
drive entity
drive event
drive movement
drive transportation
drive abstraction
drive act
drive action
drive change
drive entity
drive event
drive journey
drive motion
drive travel
drive abstraction
drive attribute
drive condition
drive entity
drive state
drive artifact
drive device
drive entity
drive instrumentality
drive object
drive whole
drive artifact
drive entity
drive object
drive road
drive way
drive whole
drive abstraction
drive act
drive action
drive change
drive entity
drive event
drive maneuver
drive motion
drive return
drive stroke
drive handle
drive manipulate
drive operate
drive touch
drive travel
drive move
drive compel
drive induce
drive cause
drive make
drive move
drive throw
drive act
drive communicate
drive convey
drive impart
drive inform
drive interact
drive mean
drive tell
drive work
drive drive
drive handle
drive manipulate
drive operate
drive touch
drive travel
drive move
drive push
drive pass
drive travel
drive traverse
drive hit
drive move
drive hit
drive move
drive remove
drive give
drive power
drive provide
drive transfer
drive capture
drive get
drive hunt
drive capture
drive get
drive hunt
drivel abstraction
drivel communication
drivel entity
drivel message
drivel act
driver entity
driver operator
driver entity
driver object
driver organism
driver person
driver whole
driver worker
driver contestant
driver entity
driver object
driver organism
driver person
driver player
driver whole
driver abstraction
driver code
driver communication
driver entity
driver program
driver software
driver writing
driver artifact
driver entity
driver equipment
driver instrumentality
driver object
driver whole
driver wood
driveway artifact
driveway entity
driveway object
driveway road
driveway way
driveway whole
driving abstraction
driving act
driving action
driving activity
driving change
driving control
driving entity
driving event
driving motion
driving travel
drizzle entity
drizzle phenomenon
drizzle precipitation
drizzle process
drizzle rain
drizzle weather
drizzle precipitate
drizzle rain
drizzle discharge
drizzle scatter
drizzle spread
drizzle sprinkle
drone animal
drone bee
drone entity
drone insect
drone invertebrate
drone object
drone organism
drone whole
drone aircraft
drone artifact
drone conveyance
drone craft
drone entity
drone instrumentality
drone object
drone vehicle
drone whole
drone artifact
drone device
drone entity
drone instrumentality
drone object
drone pipe
drone whole
drone sound
drone act
drone communicate
drone interact
drone talk
drool abstraction
drool entity
drool matter
drool part
drool relation
drool saliva
drool secretion
drool substance
drop abstraction
drop attribute
drop entity
drop shape
drop sphere
drop abstraction
drop entity
drop measure
drop abstraction
drop amount
drop attribute
drop decrease
drop entity
drop magnitude
drop property
drop entity
drop location
drop object
drop point
drop abstraction
drop descent
drop entity
drop event
drop gravitation
drop happening
drop movement
drop artifact
drop depository
drop entity
drop facility
drop object
drop whole
drop abstraction
drop act
drop action
drop change
drop descent
drop entity
drop event
drop motion
drop move
drop descend
drop travel
drop change
drop decline
drop decrease
drop remove
drop express
drop discontinue
drop bring
drop deliver
drop move
drop transmit
drop lose
drop consume
drop drug
drop destroy
drop exclude
drop extinguish
drop change
drop fall
drop make
drop produce
droplet abstraction
droplet drop
droplet entity
droplet measure
droppings abstraction
droppings entity
droppings material
droppings matter
droppings part
droppings relation
droppings substance
droppings waste
drought abstraction
drought attribute
drought condition
drought dryness
drought entity
drought state
drought abstraction
drought entity
drought measure
drove abstraction
drove entity
drove group
drove abstraction
drove crowd
drove entity
drove gathering
drove group
drove artifact
drove chisel
drove cutter
drove entity
drove implement
drove instrumentality
drove object
drove tool
drove whole
drown destroy
drown extinguish
drown change
drown die
drown kill
drug agent
drug entity
drug matter
drug substance
drug medicate
drug treat
drug consume
drugstore artifact
drugstore entity
drugstore establishment
drugstore object
drugstore shop
drugstore structure
drugstore whole
drum artifact
drum device
drum entity
drum instrumentality
drum object
drum whole
drum abstraction
drum entity
drum event
drum happening
drum sound
drum artifact
drum container
drum entity
drum instrumentality
drum object
drum vessel
drum whole
drum animal
drum entity
drum fish
drum object
drum organism
drum vertebrate
drum whole
drum sound
drum play
drum sound
drummer entertainer
drummer entity
drummer musician
drummer object
drummer organism
drummer performer
drummer person
drummer whole
drumstick abstraction
drumstick entity
drumstick helping
drumstick measure
drumstick artifact
drumstick entity
drumstick implement
drumstick instrumentality
drumstick object
drumstick stick
drumstick whole
drunk consumer
drunk drinker
drunk entity
drunk object
drunk organism
drunk person
drunk user
drunk whole
drunkard consumer
drunkard drinker
drunkard entity
drunkard object
drunkard organism
drunkard person
drunkard user
drunkard whole
drunkenness abstraction
drunkenness attribute
drunkenness entity
drunkenness state
dry entity
dry object
dry organism
dry person
dry reformer
dry whole
dry change
dryness abstraction
dryness attribute
dryness condition
dryness entity
dryness state
dualism abstraction
dualism belief
dualism cognition
dualism content
dualism doctrine
dualism entity
duality abstraction
duality attribute
duality entity
duality property
duality abstraction
duality attribute
duality entity
duality quality
dub abstraction
dub cognition
dub entity
dub perception
dub process
dub sensation
dub sound
dub designate
dub label
dub name
dub change
dubbing artifact
dubbing device
dubbing entity
dubbing instrumentality
dubbing object
dubbing recording
dubbing soundtrack
dubbing whole
duchess aristocrat
duchess entity
duchess lady
duchess leader
duchess object
duchess organism
duchess person
duchess whole
duck animal
duck bird
duck entity
duck object
duck organism
duck vertebrate
duck waterfowl
duck whole
duck abstraction
duck entity
duck measure
duck number
duck score
duck bird
duck entity
duck food
duck matter
duck meat
duck poultry
duck solid
duck artifact
duck entity
duck fabric
duck object
duck whole
duck move
duck descend
duck dive
duck travel
duckling bird
duckling duck
duckling entity
duckling food
duckling matter
duckling meat
duckling poultry
duckling solid
duckling animal
duckling bird
duckling duck
duckling entity
duckling object
duckling organism
duckling vertebrate
duckling waterfowl
duckling whole
duckweed entity
duckweed object
duckweed organism
duckweed plant
duckweed whole
duct entity
duct part
duct passage
duct structure
duct thing
duct entity
duct object
duct whole
duct artifact
duct conduit
duct entity
duct object
duct passage
duct way
duct whole
due abstraction
due cognition
due concept
due content
due entity
due idea
due right
due abstraction
due charge
due cost
due entity
due possession
due relation
duel abstraction
duel act
duel conflict
duel entity
duel event
duel fight
duel abstraction
duel act
duel activity
duel attempt
duel entity
duel event
duel struggle
duel contend
duet abstraction
duet entity
duet group
duet organization
duet abstraction
duet communication
duet entity
duet music
dug entity
dug gland
dug organ
dug part
dug thing
duke aristocrat
duke entity
duke leader
duke lord
duke object
duke organism
duke peer
duke person
duke whole
duke aristocrat
duke entity
duke leader
duke lord
duke object
duke organism
duke person
duke whole
dull change
dull decrease
dull weaken
dullness abstraction
dullness cognition
dullness entity
dullness inability
dullness stupidity
dullness abstraction
dullness attribute
dullness entity
dullness quality
dullness abstraction
dullness attribute
dullness entity
dullness property
dullness abstraction
dullness attribute
dullness entity
dullness inability
dullness quality
dullness abstraction
dullness attribute
dullness entity
dullness property
dullness shape
dumdum artifact
dumdum bullet
dumdum device
dumdum entity
dumdum instrumentality
dumdum instrument
dumdum object
dumdum projectile
dumdum weapon
dumdum whole
dummy entity
dummy mute
dummy object
dummy organism
dummy person
dummy whole
dummy artifact
dummy creation
dummy entity
dummy figure
dummy model
dummy object
dummy representation
dummy whole
dummy produce
dump entity
dump location
dump object
dump region
dump site
dump tract
dump abstraction
dump communication
dump copy
dump entity
dump matter
dump text
dump writing
dump artifact
dump depository
dump entity
dump facility
dump object
dump storehouse
dump whole
dump discard
dump exchange
dump sell
dump transfer
dump drop
dump move
dumping abstraction
dumping act
dumping commerce
dumping entity
dumping event
dumping selling
dumping transaction
dumpling entity
dumpling food
dumpling matter
dumpling pasta
dumpling solid
dumpling course
dumpling dessert
dumpling entity
dumpling food
dumpling matter
dumpling substance
dune entity
dune object
dune ridge
dung better
dung change
dung enrich
dung fertilize
dung excrete
dung exhaust
dung stool
dungeon area
dungeon artifact
dungeon cell
dungeon entity
dungeon object
dungeon room
dungeon structure
dungeon whole
duplex change
duplex convert
duplicate artifact
duplicate copy
duplicate creation
duplicate entity
duplicate object
duplicate representation
duplicate whole
duplicate produce
duplicate reproduce
duplicate produce
duplicate reproduce
duplication abstraction
duplication act
duplication activity
duplication continuance
duplication entity
duplication event
duplication repetition
duplicity abstraction
duplicity act
duplicity activity
duplicity deception
duplicity entity
duplicity event
duplicity falsification
duration abstraction
duration entity
duration measure
duration abstraction
duration attribute
duration entity
duration time
duration abstraction
duration attribute
duration entity
duration property
duress abstraction
duress attribute
duress entity
duress force
duress influence
duress power
duress quality
dusk change
dusk darken
dust abstraction
dust entity
dust material
dust matter
dust particulate
dust part
dust relation
dust substance
dust abstraction
dust entity
dust material
dust matter
dust part
dust relation
dust substance
dust change
dust clean
dust guide
dust rub
dust smear
dust cover
duty abstraction
duty act
duty entity
duty event
duty abstraction
duty act
duty activity
duty entity
duty event
duty work
duty abstraction
duty charge
duty entity
duty levy
duty possession
duty relation
duty tax
dwarf entity
dwarf object
dwarf organism
dwarf person
dwarf whole
dwarf entity
dwarf object
dwarf organism
dwarf whole
dwarf impede
dwarf prevent
dwarf stunt
dwell exist
dwelling artifact
dwelling entity
dwelling housing
dwelling object
dwelling structure
dwelling whole
dwindle change
dwindle decrease
dye abstraction
dye entity
dye material
dye matter
dye part
dye relation
dye substance
dye change
dyeing abstraction
dyeing act
dyeing action
dyeing change
dyeing coloring
dyeing entity
dyeing event
dyer entity
dyer object
dyer organism
dyer person
dyer whole
dyer worker
dynamics abstraction
dynamics cognition
dynamics content
dynamics discipline
dynamics entity
dynamics mechanics
dynamics physics
dynamics science
dynamite abstraction
dynamite chemical
dynamite entity
dynamite explosive
dynamite material
dynamite matter
dynamite part
dynamite relation
dynamite substance
dynamite change
dynamite explode
dynamo artifact
dynamo device
dynamo engine
dynamo entity
dynamo generator
dynamo instrumentality
dynamo machine
dynamo motor
dynamo object
dynamo whole
dynasty abstraction
dynasty entity
dynasty family
dynasty genealogy
dynasty group
dynasty kin
dynasty lineage
dysentery abstraction
dysentery attribute
dysentery condition
dysentery disease
dysentery entity
dysentery illness
dysentery state
dysfunction abstraction
dysfunction attribute
dysfunction condition
dysfunction entity
dysfunction pathology
dysfunction state
dyslexia abstraction
dyslexia attribute
dyslexia condition
dyslexia disorder
dyslexia entity
dyslexia state
dystopia abstraction
dystopia attribute
dystopia entity
dystopia state
dystopia abstraction
dystopia communication
dystopia entity
dystopia fiction
dystopia writing
eagerness abstraction
eagerness attribute
eagerness enthusiasm
eagerness entity
eagerness feeling
eagerness state
eagle animal
eagle bird
eagle entity
eagle object
eagle organism
eagle vertebrate
eagle whole
eagle abstraction
eagle entity
eagle measure
eagle number
eagle score
eagle abstraction
eagle coinage
eagle coin
eagle currency
eagle entity
eagle measure
eagle standard
eagle abstraction
eagle cognition
eagle emblem
eagle entity
eagle process
eagle symbol
eagle hit
eagle move
eagle shoot
eagle gain
eagle score
ear entity
ear organ
ear part
ear thing
ear ability
ear abstraction
ear cognition
ear entity
ear faculty
ear hearing
ear sense
ear sensitivity
ear abstraction
ear attention
ear cognition
ear entity
ear process
ear entity
ear fruit
ear object
ear whole
earl aristocrat
earl entity
earl leader
earl lord
earl object
earl organism
earl peer
earl person
earl whole
earmark abstraction
earmark communication
earmark entity
earmark marker
earmark signal
earmark symbol
earn get
earner employee
earner entity
earner holder
earner object
earner organism
earner owner
earner person
earner whole
earner worker
earnest abstraction
earnest entity
earnest possession
earnest relation
earnest security
earring adornment
earring artifact
earring decoration
earring entity
earring jewelry
earring object
earring whole
earth abstraction
earth entity
earth material
earth matter
earth part
earth relation
earth substance
earth entity
earth location
earth object
earth abstraction
earth element
earth entity
earth matter
earth part
earth relation
earth substance
earth hide
earth connect
earth ground
earthquake entity
earthquake phenomenon
earthquake process
earthquake abstraction
earthquake attribute
earthquake disorder
earthquake disturbance
earthquake entity
earthquake state
earthwork artifact
earthwork embankment
earthwork entity
earthwork mound
earthwork object
earthwork structure
earthwork whole
earthworm animal
earthworm entity
earthworm invertebrate
earthworm object
earthworm organism
earthworm whole
earthworm worm
earwig animal
earwig entity
earwig insect
earwig invertebrate
earwig object
earwig organism
earwig whole
ease abstraction
ease attribute
ease entity
ease quality
ease abstraction
ease affluence
ease attribute
ease condition
ease entity
ease state
ease wealth
ease abstraction
ease attribute
ease entity
ease quality
ease travel
easel artifact
easel device
easel entity
easel instrumentality
easel object
easel rack
easel support
easel tripod
easel whole
easement abstraction
easement cognition
easement concept
easement content
easement entity
easement idea
easement prerogative
easement right
easiness abstraction
easiness attribute
easiness calmness
easiness entity
easiness feeling
easiness state
easiness abstraction
easiness act
easiness activity
easiness behavior
easiness entity
easiness event
easing abstraction
easing change
easing entity
easing event
easing happening
easing abstraction
easing act
easing action
easing change
easing decrease
easing entity
easing event
east abstraction
east direction
east entity
east position
east relation
east abstraction
east direction
east entity
east position
east relation
east entity
east location
east object
easter abstraction
easter day
easter entity
easter holiday
easter measure
eat consume
eat eat
eat consume
eat affect
eat disturb
eat worry
eater consumer
eater entity
eater object
eater organism
eater person
eater user
eater whole
eater entity
eater food
eater matter
eater produce
eater solid
eating consumption
eating entity
eating process
eaves artifact
eaves entity
eaves object
eaves projection
eaves structure
eaves whole
eavesdropper entity
eavesdropper object
eavesdropper organism
eavesdropper person
eavesdropper snoop
eavesdropper spectator
eavesdropper spy
eavesdropper whole
ebony abstraction
ebony entity
ebony material
ebony matter
ebony part
ebony relation
ebony substance
ebony wood
ebony entity
ebony object
ebony organism
ebony plant
ebony tree
ebony whole
eccentric anomaly
eccentric entity
eccentric object
eccentric organism
eccentric person
eccentric whole
eccentricity abstraction
eccentricity attribute
eccentricity entity
eccentricity quality
eccentricity abstraction
eccentricity entity
eccentricity ratio
eccentricity relation
eccentricity abstraction
eccentricity attribute
eccentricity circularity
eccentricity entity
eccentricity property
eccentricity roundness
eccentricity shape
echo abstraction
echo attribute
echo entity
echo property
echo reflection
echo abstraction
echo belief
echo cognition
echo content
echo deity
echo entity
echo nymph
echo abstraction
echo act
echo entity
echo event
echo reply
echo abstraction
echo attribute
echo entity
echo property
echo reflection
echo abstraction
echo analogue
echo attribute
echo entity
echo quality
echo sameness
echo similarity
echo abstraction
echo act
echo activity
echo continuance
echo entity
echo event
echo imitation
echo repetition
echo equal
echo match
echo resemble
eclectic entity
eclectic intellectual
eclectic object
eclectic organism
eclectic person
eclectic philosopher
eclectic scholar
eclectic whole
eclipse abstraction
eclipse entity
eclipse event
eclipse happening
eclipse interruption
eclipse hide
eclipse obscure
ecologist biologist
ecologist entity
ecologist object
ecologist organism
ecologist person
ecologist scientist
ecologist whole
ecology abstraction
ecology attribute
ecology entity
ecology environment
ecology situation
ecology state
ecology abstraction
ecology biology
ecology cognition
ecology content
ecology discipline
ecology entity
ecology science
econometrics abstraction
econometrics cognition
econometrics content
econometrics discipline
econometrics economics
econometrics entity
econometrics science
economics abstraction
economics cognition
economics content
economics discipline
economics entity
economics science
economist entity
economist object
economist organism
economist person
economist scientist
economist whole
economy abstraction
economy entity
economy group
economy system
economy abstraction
economy attribute
economy efficiency
economy entity
economy skillfulness
economy state
economy abstraction
economy attribute
economy discretion
economy entity
economy good
economy morality
economy prudence
economy quality
economy trait
economy virtue
economy wisdom
economy abstraction
economy act
economy action
economy entity
economy event
ecosystem abstraction
ecosystem entity
ecosystem group
ecosystem system
ecstasy abstraction
ecstasy attribute
ecstasy emotion
ecstasy entity
ecstasy feeling
ecstasy state
ecstasy abstraction
ecstasy attribute
ecstasy bliss
ecstasy condition
ecstasy elation
ecstasy entity
ecstasy state
eczema abstraction
eczema attribute
eczema condition
eczema disease
eczema entity
eczema illness
eczema state
edema abstraction
edema attribute
edema cognition
edema enlargement
edema entity
edema evidence
edema information
edema state
edema swelling
edema symptom
edge boundary
edge entity
edge extremity
edge location
edge object
edge region
edge artifact
edge entity
edge object
edge side
edge surface
edge whole
edge abstraction
edge attribute
edge entity
edge importance
edge quality
edge urgency
edge value
edge worth
edge abstraction
edge advantage
edge asset
edge attribute
edge entity
edge quality
edge superiority
edge boundary
edge entity
edge extremity
edge limit
edge location
edge object
edge region
edge advance
edge travel
edge change
edge sharpen
edging border
edging boundary
edging edge
edging entity
edging extremity
edging limit
edging location
edging object
edging region
edibility abstraction
edibility attribute
edibility entity
edibility property
edict abstraction
edict announcement
edict communication
edict entity
edict message
edict statement
edification abstraction
edification cognition
edification content
edification education
edification enlightenment
edification entity
edit change
edit act
edit communicate
edit inform
edit interact
edit publicize
edit publish
edit tell
edit change
edit censor
edit evaluate
edit measure
edit think
editing abstraction
editing communication
editing entity
editing writing
edition artifact
edition creation
edition entity
edition impression
edition object
edition product
edition publication
edition whole
edition work
edition abstraction
edition entity
edition group
edition artifact
edition creation
edition entity
edition issue
edition object
edition periodical
edition product
edition publication
edition whole
edition work
editor entity
editor object
editor organism
editor person
editor whole
editor worker
editorship abstraction
editorship act
editorship activity
editorship entity
editorship event
editorship occupation
editorship position
educate better
educate change
educate better
educate change
educate polish
education abstraction
education act
education activity
education entity
education event
education abstraction
education cognition
education content
education entity
education abstraction
education cognition
education entity
education learning
education process
education abstraction
education act
education activity
education entity
education event
education occupation
education profession
education abstraction
education attribute
education entity
education inheritance
education upbringing
educator adult
educator entity
educator object
educator organism
educator person
educator professional
educator whole
eel entity
eel fish
eel food
eel matter
eel solid
eel animal
eel entity
eel fish
eel object
eel organism
eel vertebrate
eel whole
effect abstraction
effect cognition
effect content
effect entity
effect idea
effect impression
effect abstraction
effect communication
effect entity
effect meaning
effect message
effect abstraction
effect attribute
effect entity
effect legality
effect quality
effect validity
effect abstraction
effect cognition
effect entity
effect evidence
effect information
effect symptom
effect cause
effect make
effect act
effectiveness abstraction
effectiveness attribute
effectiveness entity
effectiveness power
effectiveness quality
effects abstraction
effects entity
effects possession
effects property
effects relation
effervescence entity
effervescence process
efficiency abstraction
efficiency entity
efficiency ratio
efficiency relation
efficiency abstraction
efficiency attribute
efficiency entity
efficiency skillfulness
efficiency state
effigy artifact
effigy creation
effigy entity
effigy object
effigy representation
effigy whole
effort abstraction
effort act
effort activity
effort entity
effort event
effort labor
effort work
egg cell
egg entity
egg object
egg ovum
egg whole
egg entity
egg food
egg foodstuff
egg matter
egg substance
egg move
egg pelt
egg throw
egg coat
egg cover
eggplant entity
eggplant food
eggplant matter
eggplant produce
eggplant solid
eggplant vegetable
eggplant entity
eggplant herb
eggplant object
eggplant organism
eggplant plant
eggplant whole
ego abstraction
ego attribute
ego entity
ego feeling
ego pride
ego state
ego abstraction
ego cognition
ego entity
ego mind
egoism abstraction
egoism belief
egoism cognition
egoism content
egoism entity
egoism theory
egoism abstraction
egoism attribute
egoism entity
egoism trait
eight abstraction
eight digit
eight entity
eight integer
eight measure
eight number
eighteen abstraction
eighteen entity
eighteen integer
eighteen measure
eighteen number
eighteenth abstraction
eighteenth attribute
eighteenth entity
eighteenth rank
eighteenth state
eighteenth status
eighth abstraction
eighth attribute
eighth entity
eighth rank
eighth state
eighth status
eighty abstraction
eighty entity
eighty integer
eighty measure
eighty number
ejaculate exhaust
ejaculation abstraction
ejaculation communication
ejaculation entity
ejaculation exclamation
ejaculation utterance
ejaculation discharge
ejaculation entity
ejaculation process
eject expel
eject move
eject exit
eject move
ejection abstraction
ejection act
ejection banishment
ejection entity
ejection event
ejection rejection
elaborate act
elaborate clarify
elaborate communicate
elaborate explain
elaborate inform
elaborate interact
elaborate produce
elaborate change
elaborate develop
elaboration abstraction
elaboration act
elaboration action
elaboration change
elaboration development
elaboration entity
elaboration event
elaboration improvement
elapse advance
elapse travel
elastic artifact
elastic entity
elastic fabric
elastic object
elastic whole
elasticity abstraction
elasticity attribute
elasticity entity
elasticity property
elation abstraction
elation attribute
elation condition
elation entity
elation state
elation abstraction
elation attribute
elation emotion
elation entity
elation feeling
elation joy
elation state
elbow entity
elbow joint
elbow part
elbow thing
elbow bend
elbow entity
elbow object
elbow part
elbow section
elbow artifact
elbow conduit
elbow entity
elbow object
elbow passage
elbow pipe
elbow tube
elbow way
elbow whole
elbow artifact
elbow covering
elbow entity
elbow object
elbow whole
elbow entity
elbow joint
elbow part
elbow thing
elbow move
elbow push
elbow move
elbow nudge
elbow push
elder adult
elder entity
elder object
elder organism
elder person
elder whole
elder entity
elder object
elder organism
elder plant
elder shrub
elder whole
elder entity
elder object
elder official
elder organism
elder person
elder whole
elder worker
elect choose
elect decide
elect choose
elect decide
election abstraction
election act
election entity
election event
election vote
election abstraction
election act
election action
election choice
election entity
election event
election abstraction
election attribute
election entity
election state
election status
election abstraction
election belief
election cognition
election content
election doctrine
election entity
electorate abstraction
electorate citizenry
electorate entity
electorate group
electric artifact
electric car
electric container
electric conveyance
electric entity
electric instrumentality
electric object
electric vehicle
electric whole
electricity entity
electricity phenomenon
electricity process
electricity energy
electricity entity
electricity phenomenon
electricity process
electricity abstraction
electricity agitation
electricity attribute
electricity entity
electricity feeling
electricity state
electricity stir
electrify affect
electrify agitate
electrify disturb
electrify change
electrify fill
electrify adapt
electrify change
electrode artifact
electrode conductor
electrode device
electrode entity
electrode instrumentality
electrode object
electrode whole
electrolysis decomposition
electrolysis entity
electrolysis process
electrolysis abstraction
electrolysis act
electrolysis action
electrolysis change
electrolysis cleaning
electrolysis entity
electrolysis event
electrolysis improvement
electrolyte abstraction
electrolyte entity
electrolyte matter
electrolyte mixture
electrolyte part
electrolyte relation
electrolyte solution
electrolyte substance
electrolytic artifact
electrolytic capacitor
electrolytic device
electrolytic entity
electrolytic instrumentality
electrolytic object
electrolytic whole
electromagnet artifact
electromagnet device
electromagnet entity
electromagnet instrumentality
electromagnet magnet
electromagnet object
electromagnet whole
electromagnetism attraction
electromagnetism entity
electromagnetism force
electromagnetism magnetism
electromagnetism phenomenon
electromagnetism process
electromagnetism abstraction
electromagnetism cognition
electromagnetism content
electromagnetism discipline
electromagnetism entity
electromagnetism physics
electromagnetism science
electron body
electron entity
electron object
electron particle
electron whole
electronics abstraction
electronics cognition
electronics content
electronics discipline
electronics entity
electronics physics
electronics science
electroscope artifact
electroscope device
electroscope entity
electroscope instrumentality
electroscope instrument
electroscope object
electroscope whole
electrostatics abstraction
electrostatics cognition
electrostatics content
electrostatics discipline
electrostatics entity
electrostatics physics
electrostatics science
elegance abstraction
elegance attribute
elegance entity
elegance quality
elegance abstraction
elegance attribute
elegance entity
elegance quality
element entity
element environment
element location
element object
element region
element abstraction
element entity
element matter
element part
element relation
element substance
element abstraction
element attribute
element entity
element situation
element state
element abstraction
element attribute
element entity
element line
element shape
elephant animal
elephant entity
elephant mammal
elephant object
elephant organism
elephant vertebrate
elephant whole
elephant abstraction
elephant cognition
elephant emblem
elephant entity
elephant process
elephant symbol
elevation abstraction
elevation entity
elevation event
elevation happening
elevation movement
elevation rise
elevation abstraction
elevation entity
elevation position
elevation relation
elevation abstraction
elevation distance
elevation entity
elevation placement
elevation position
elevation relation
elevation spacing
elevation abstraction
elevation distance
elevation entity
elevation leap
elevation placement
elevation position
elevation relation
elevation spacing
elevation artifact
elevation creation
elevation drawing
elevation entity
elevation object
elevation plan
elevation representation
elevation whole
elevator artifact
elevator device
elevator entity
elevator instrumentality
elevator object
elevator whole
elevator artifact
elevator device
elevator entity
elevator instrumentality
elevator object
elevator whole
eleven abstraction
eleven entity
eleven integer
eleven measure
eleven number
eleventh abstraction
eleventh attribute
eleventh entity
eleventh rank
eleventh state
eleventh status
elf abstraction
elf belief
elf cognition
elf content
elf entity
elf fairy
elicit deduce
elicit reason
elicit think
eligibility abstraction
eligibility attribute
eligibility entity
eligibility fitness
eligibility qualification
eligibility quality
eligibility suitability
eliminate kill
eliminate beat
eliminate remove
elimination abstraction
elimination act
elimination action
elimination change
elimination entity
elimination event
elimination removal
elimination separation
elimination discharge
elimination entity
elimination process
elimination abstraction
elimination analysis
elimination cognition
elimination entity
elimination process
elimination reasoning
elimination thinking
elimination abstraction
elimination act
elimination action
elimination change
elimination entity
elimination event
elimination removal
elimination separation
elimination abstraction
elimination act
elimination action
elimination change
elimination entity
elimination event
elimination homicide
elimination killing
elimination murder
elimination termination
elite abstraction
elite class
elite entity
elite group
elite people
elitist entity
elitist intellectual
elitist object
elitist organism
elitist person
elitist philosopher
elitist scholar
elitist whole
elixir entity
elixir fluid
elixir liquid
elixir matter
elixir abstraction
elixir agent
elixir beverage
elixir drug
elixir entity
elixir fluid
elixir food
elixir liquid
elixir matter
elixir medicine
elixir part
elixir potion
elixir relation
elixir remedy
elixir substance
elk animal
elk deer
elk entity
elk mammal
elk object
elk organism
elk vertebrate
elk whole
ellipse abstraction
ellipse attribute
ellipse entity
ellipse figure
ellipse shape
ellipsis entity
ellipsis process
elm entity
elm object
elm organism
elm plant
elm tree
elm whole
elm abstraction
elm entity
elm material
elm matter
elm part
elm relation
elm substance
elm wood
elongation abstraction
elongation attribute
elongation dimension
elongation entity
elongation length
elongation magnitude
elongation measure
elongation property
elongation addition
elongation component
elongation entity
elongation object
elongation part
elongation abstraction
elongation act
elongation action
elongation change
elongation entity
elongation event
eloquence abstraction
eloquence communication
eloquence entity
elves abstraction
elves discharge
elves entity
elves event
elves happening
elves phenomenon
elves process
emanate come
emanate travel
emancipation abstraction
emancipation accomplishment
emancipation act
emancipation action
emancipation entity
emancipation event
emancipation liberation
embankment artifact
embankment entity
embankment mound
embankment object
embankment structure
embankment whole
embargo abstraction
embargo argumentation
embargo cognition
embargo entity
embargo policy
embargo process
embargo reasoning
embargo thinking
embargo ask
embargo ban
embargo command
embargo communicate
embargo convey
embargo forbid
embargo move
embargo order
embargo outlaw
embargo request
embargo transfer
embargo prevent
embargo stop
embark board
embark enter
embarrassment abstraction
embarrassment attribute
embarrassment entity
embarrassment feeling
embarrassment shame
embarrassment state
embarrassment abstraction
embarrassment attribute
embarrassment emotion
embarrassment entity
embarrassment feeling
embarrassment state
embarrassment abstraction
embarrassment entity
embarrassment event
embarrassment happening
embarrassment trouble
embassy artifact
embassy building
embassy entity
embassy object
embassy structure
embassy whole
embassy abstraction
embassy entity
embassy group
embassy organization
embed act
embed group
embed interact
embed meet
embellishment abstraction
embellishment act
embellishment communication
embellishment discussion
embellishment entity
embellishment event
embellishment expansion
embellishment artifact
embellishment decoration
embellishment entity
embellishment object
embellishment whole
ember entity
ember fragment
ember part
ember thing
embezzlement abstraction
embezzlement act
embezzlement activity
embezzlement crime
embezzlement entity
embezzlement event
embezzlement felony
embezzlement transgression
emblem artifact
emblem decoration
emblem design
emblem entity
emblem object
emblem whole
emblem abstraction
emblem cognition
emblem entity
emblem process
emblem symbol
embodiment entity
embodiment object
embodiment organism
embodiment personification
embodiment person
embodiment whole
embodiment abstraction
embodiment act
embodiment activity
embodiment creation
embodiment entity
embodiment event
embodiment realization
embody act
embody communicate
embody convey
embody impart
embody inform
embody interact
embody mean
embody tell
embody express
embody represent
embrace abstraction
embrace act
embrace activity
embrace clasp
embrace control
embrace entity
embrace event
embrace grasping
embrace abstraction
embrace attribute
embrace entity
embrace inclusion
embrace situation
embrace state
embrace abstraction
embrace act
embrace activity
embrace adoption
embrace aid
embrace blessing
embrace entity
embrace event
embrace support
embrace include
embrace clasp
embrace grasp
embrace hold
embroider change
embroider decorate
embroider act
embroider communicate
embroider inform
embroider interact
embroidery artifact
embroidery creation
embroidery entity
embroidery object
embroidery whole
embryo entity
embryo object
embryo organism
embryo plant
embryo whole
embryo animal
embryo entity
embryo object
embryo organism
embryo whole
embryology abstraction
embryology biology
embryology cognition
embryology content
embryology discipline
embryology entity
embryology science
emcee act
emcee entertain
emcee host
emcee interact
emcee socialize
emerald abstraction
emerald crystal
emerald entity
emerald gem
emerald material
emerald matter
emerald mineral
emerald part
emerald relation
emerald solid
emerald substance
emerald adornment
emerald artifact
emerald decoration
emerald entity
emerald jewel
emerald jewelry
emerald object
emerald whole
emerald abstraction
emerald attribute
emerald color
emerald entity
emerald green
emerald property
emerge appear
emerge ascend
emerge surface
emerge travel
emergence abstraction
emergence beginning
emergence entity
emergence event
emergence happening
emergence abstraction
emergence beginning
emergence entity
emergence event
emergence happening
emergence abstraction
emergence act
emergence action
emergence appearance
emergence arrival
emergence entity
emergence event
emergency abstraction
emergency crisis
emergency entity
emergency event
emergency happening
emergency juncture
emergency abstraction
emergency attribute
emergency entity
emergency state
emigrant entity
emigrant migrant
emigrant object
emigrant organism
emigrant person
emigrant traveler
emigrant whole
emigration abstraction
emigration act
emigration action
emigration change
emigration entity
emigration event
emigration migration
emigration motion
eminence abstraction
eminence attribute
eminence entity
eminence state
eminence status
emissary entity
emissary negotiator
emissary object
emissary organism
emissary person
emissary representative
emissary whole
emission abstraction
emission act
emission entity
emission event
emission entity
emission process
emission release
emission abstraction
emission entity
emission event
emission flow
emission happening
emission movement
emit exhaust
emitter artifact
emitter conductor
emitter device
emitter electrode
emitter entity
emitter instrumentality
emitter object
emitter whole
emotion abstraction
emotion attribute
emotion entity
emotion feeling
emotion state
emotionality abstraction
emotionality attribute
emotionality entity
emotionality trait
empathy abstraction
empathy attribute
empathy entity
empathy feeling
empathy state
empathy sympathy
emperor entity
emperor negotiator
emperor object
emperor organism
emperor person
emperor representative
emperor ruler
emperor sovereign
emperor whole
emperor entity
emperor food
emperor fruit
emperor grape
emperor matter
emperor object
emperor produce
emperor solid
emperor whole
emperor animal
emperor entity
emperor insect
emperor invertebrate
emperor moth
emperor object
emperor organism
emperor whole
emphasis abstraction
emphasis attribute
emphasis entity
emphasis importance
emphasis standing
emphasis state
emphasis status
emphasis abstraction
emphasis communication
emphasis device
emphasis entity
empire domain
empire entity
empire location
empire object
empire region
empire abstraction
empire entity
empire government
empire group
empire organization
empire abstraction
empire autocracy
empire entity
empire group
empire monarchy
empire apple
empire entity
empire food
empire fruit
empire matter
empire object
empire produce
empire solid
empire whole
employable entity
employable object
employable organism
employable person
employable whole
employable worker
employee entity
employee object
employee organism
employee person
employee whole
employee worker
employer entity
employer leader
employer object
employer organism
employer person
employer whole
employment abstraction
employment attribute
employment entity
employment state
employment abstraction
employment act
employment activity
employment entity
employment event
employment occupation
employment abstraction
employment act
employment action
employment entity
employment event
empower appoint
emptiness abstraction
emptiness attribute
emptiness condition
emptiness entity
emptiness state
emptiness abstraction
emptiness attribute
emptiness condition
emptiness drive
emptiness entity
emptiness hunger
emptiness state
empty artifact
empty container
empty entity
empty instrumentality
empty object
empty whole
empty change
empty remove
emu animal
emu bird
emu entity
emu object
emu organism
emu vertebrate
emu whole
emulate imitate
emulate produce
emulate reproduce
emulate equal
emulate imitate
emulate match
emulate resemble
emulate compete
emulation abstraction
emulation ambition
emulation attribute
emulation desire
emulation entity
emulation feeling
emulation state
emulation ability
emulation abstraction
emulation cognition
emulation entity
emulation method
emulation technique
emulation abstraction
emulation act
emulation activity
emulation continuance
emulation entity
emulation event
emulation imitation
emulation repetition
emulsion abstraction
emulsion entity
emulsion matter
emulsion mixture
emulsion part
emulsion relation
emulsion substance
emulsion artifact
emulsion coating
emulsion covering
emulsion entity
emulsion object
emulsion whole
enable change
enact act
enact make
enactment abstraction
enactment act
enactment entity
enactment event
enactment government
enactment legislation
enamel abstraction
enamel entity
enamel matter
enamel part
enamel relation
enamel substance
enamel abstraction
enamel chemical
enamel compound
enamel entity
enamel material
enamel matter
enamel part
enamel relation
enamel substance
enamel abstraction
enamel artifact
enamel coating
enamel covering
enamel entity
enamel material
enamel matter
enamel object
enamel paint
enamel part
enamel relation
enamel substance
enamel whole
enamel artifact
enamel coating
enamel covering
enamel entity
enamel object
enamel whole
enamel change
enamel decorate
encapsulation abstraction
encapsulation attribute
encapsulation condition
encapsulation entity
encapsulation state
encapsulation entity
encapsulation process
encasement abstraction
encasement act
encasement action
encasement change
encasement enclosure
encasement entity
encasement event
encasement insertion
encasement movement
enchanter entity
enchanter object
enchanter organism
enchanter person
enchanter sorcerer
enchanter whole
enchantment abstraction
enchantment attribute
enchantment condition
enchantment entity
enchantment state
enchantment abstraction
enchantment belief
enchantment cognition
enchantment content
enchantment entity
enchantment magic
enchantment sorcery
enchilada dish
enchilada entity
enchilada food
enchilada matter
enchilada substance
encircle change
encircle shape
enclose hold
enclose include
enclose surround
enclose touch
enclosure area
enclosure artifact
enclosure entity
enclosure object
enclosure structure
enclosure whole
enclosure abstraction
enclosure act
enclosure action
enclosure change
enclosure entity
enclosure event
enclosure insertion
enclosure movement
enclosure abstraction
enclosure attribute
enclosure entity
enclosure location
enclosure object
enclosure shape
enclosure space
enclosure abstraction
enclosure communication
enclosure document
enclosure entity
enclosure writing
encode change
encode convert
encore abstraction
encore act
encore activity
encore diversion
encore entertainment
encore entity
encore event
encore performance
encore presentation
encore show
encore communicate
encore convey
encore move
encore request
encore transfer
encounter abstraction
encounter act
encounter action
encounter change
encounter entity
encounter event
encounter joining
encourage arouse
encourage inspire
encourage make
encourage stimulate
encourage induce
encouragement abstraction
encouragement approval
encouragement communication
encouragement entity
encouragement message
encouragement abstraction
encouragement attribute
encouragement entity
encouragement feeling
encouragement hope
encouragement state
encroach advance
encroach travel
encumbrance abstraction
encumbrance charge
encumbrance entity
encumbrance possession
encumbrance relation
encyclopedia artifact
encyclopedia book
encyclopedia creation
encyclopedia entity
encyclopedia object
encyclopedia product
encyclopedia publication
encyclopedia whole
encyclopedia work
end entity
end extremity
end location
end object
end region
end abstraction
end entity
end measure
end point
end abstraction
end ending
end entity
end event
end happening
end abstraction
end cognition
end concept
end content
end entity
end idea
end part
end abstraction
end attribute
end entity
end state
end boundary
end entity
end extremity
end location
end object
end region
end surface
end athlete
end contestant
end entity
end object
end organism
end person
end player
end whole
end boundary
end entity
end extremity
end location
end object
end region
end entity
end location
end object
end point
end abstraction
end act
end activity
end attempt
end contribution
end entity
end event
end artifact
end entity
end fabric
end object
end part
end piece
end whole
end abstraction
end act
end activity
end entity
end event
end position
end role
end change
end be
end destroy
endanger exist
endearment abstraction
endearment act
endearment action
endearment entity
endearment event
endearment kindness
endeavor act
endeavor try
ending abstraction
ending entity
ending part
ending relation
ending abstraction
ending entity
ending event
ending happening
endorsement abstraction
endorsement communication
endorsement entity
endorsement message
endorsement promotion
endorsement abstraction
endorsement entity
endorsement name
endorsement part
endorsement relation
endorsement signature
endorsement abstraction
endorsement act
endorsement activity
endorsement aid
endorsement entity
endorsement event
endorsement support
endowment ability
endowment abstraction
endowment aptitude
endowment cognition
endowment entity
endowment abstraction
endowment assets
endowment capital
endowment entity
endowment possession
endowment relation
endowment abstraction
endowment act
endowment distribution
endowment entity
endowment event
endowment giving
endurance abstraction
endurance attribute
endurance entity
endurance property
endurance strength
enemy abstraction
enemy entity
enemy group
enemy organization
enemy unit
enemy adversary
enemy entity
enemy object
enemy organism
enemy person
enemy whole
enemy abstraction
enemy entity
enemy group
enemy people
energizer actor
energizer entity
energizer object
energizer organism
energizer person
energizer whole
energizer artifact
energizer device
energizer entity
energizer instrumentality
energizer object
energizer whole
energy entity
energy phenomenon
energy process
energy abstraction
energy attribute
energy degree
energy entity
energy force
energy intensity
energy property
energy abstraction
energy attribute
energy drive
energy entity
energy trait
energy abstraction
energy activeness
energy animation
energy attribute
energy entity
energy trait
energy abstraction
energy attribute
energy condition
energy entity
energy state
energy entity
energy phenomenon
energy process
enforce compel
enforce induce
enforce compel
enforce induce
enforcement abstraction
enforcement act
enforcement entity
enforcement event
engage hire
engage touch
engage contend
engage get
engage obtain
engage procure
engage move
engagement abstraction
engagement act
engagement activity
engagement employment
engagement entity
engagement event
engagement occupation
engagement abstraction
engagement contact
engagement entity
engagement event
engagement happening
engagement abstraction
engagement act
engagement entity
engagement event
engine artifact
engine device
engine entity
engine instrumentality
engine machine
engine motor
engine object
engine whole
engine entity
engine artifact
engine device
engine entity
engine instrumentality
engine instrument
engine object
engine whole
engineer entity
engineer object
engineer organism
engineer person
engineer whole
engineer entity
engineer operator
engineer design
engineer make
engineering abstraction
engineering cognition
engineering content
engineering discipline
engineering entity
engineering area
engineering artifact
engineering entity
engineering object
engineering room
engineering structure
engineering whole
engrave affect
engrave print
engrave produce
engrave reproduce
engrave carve
engrave cut
engrave move
engrave separate
engraver entity
engraver object
engraver organism
engraver person
engraver whole
engraver worker
engraver artist
engraver creator
engraver entity
engraver object
engraver organism
engraver person
engraver whole
engraving art
engraving artifact
engraving creation
engraving entity
engraving object
engraving print
engraving whole
engraving artifact
engraving entity
engraving object
engraving plate
engraving sheet
engraving whole
engraving abstraction
engraving act
engraving activity
engraving art
engraving creation
engraving entity
engraving event
engulf cover
engulf envelop
enhance change
enhance increase
enhance intensify
enhance better
enhance change
enhancement abstraction
enhancement act
enhancement action
enhancement change
enhancement entity
enhancement event
enhancement improvement
enjoy use
enjoy change
enjoy experience
enjoy undergo
enjoyment abstraction
enjoyment attribute
enjoyment entity
enjoyment feeling
enjoyment pleasure
enjoyment state
enjoyment abstraction
enjoyment act
enjoyment activity
enjoyment entity
enjoyment event
enlarge change
enlarge increase
enlarge change
enlarge grow
enlarge increase
enlargement abstraction
enlargement attribute
enlargement entity
enlargement state
enlargement artifact
enlargement creation
enlargement entity
enlargement object
enlargement photograph
enlargement representation
enlargement whole
enlighten act
enlighten communicate
enlighten inform
enlighten interact
enlighten teach
enlighten guess
enlighten predict
enlighten prophesy
enlighten reason
enlighten speculate
enlighten think
enlightenment abstraction
enlightenment cognition
enlightenment content
enlightenment education
enlightenment entity
enlightenment abstraction
enlightenment entity
enlightenment group
enlightenment movement
enlistment abstraction
enlistment entity
enlistment measure
enlistment abstraction
enlistment act
enlistment commitment
enlistment cooperation
enlistment entity
enlistment event
enormity abstraction
enormity attribute
enormity entity
enormity largeness
enormity magnitude
enormity property
enormity size
enormity abstraction
enormity attribute
enormity entity
enormity evil
enormity immorality
enormity quality
enormity abstraction
enormity act
enormity activity
enormity atrocity
enormity cruelty
enormity entity
enormity event
enormity maltreatment
enormity practice
enough abstraction
enough entity
enough measure
enrich better
enrich change
enrich add
enrich change
enrich increase
enrichment abstraction
enrichment act
enrichment action
enrichment change
enrichment entity
enrichment event
enrichment improvement
enrichment abstraction
enrichment acquisition
enrichment entity
enrichment gift
enrichment possession
enrichment relation
enroll have
enroll keep
enroll record
enroll register
enroll save
ensemble abstraction
ensemble entity
ensemble group
ensemble organization
ensemble abstraction
ensemble cast
ensemble entity
ensemble gathering
ensemble group
ensemble abstraction
ensemble collection
ensemble entity
ensemble group
ensemble artifact
ensemble attire
ensemble clothing
ensemble commodity
ensemble covering
ensemble entity
ensemble object
ensemble outfit
ensemble whole
enslave control
enslave dominate
enslave subjugate
enslavement abstraction
enslavement attribute
enslavement entity
enslavement relationship
enslavement state
enslavement subjugation
enslavement abstraction
enslavement act
enslavement capture
enslavement entity
enslavement event
ensnare act
ensnare deceive
ensnare interact
ensnare treat
ensnare wrong
entail abstraction
entail entity
entail estate
entail possession
entail property
entail relation
entail abstraction
entail act
entail action
entail change
entail entity
entail event
entail lead
entail leave
entail make
entail necessitate
entail produce
entail lead
entail leave
entail make
entail produce
entangle accept
entangle act
entangle admit
entangle involve
entangle permit
entangle react
entangle change
entangle twist
enterprise abstraction
enterprise act
enterprise activity
enterprise entity
enterprise event
enterprise undertaking
enterprise work
enterprise abstraction
enterprise entity
enterprise group
enterprise organization
enterprise abstraction
enterprise attribute
enterprise drive
enterprise entity
enterprise trait
entertain act
entertain interact
entertain socialize
entertain consider
entertain contemplate
entertain think
entertainer entity
entertainer object
entertainer organism
entertainer person
entertainer whole
entertainment abstraction
entertainment act
entertainment activity
entertainment diversion
entertainment entity
entertainment event
enthusiasm abstraction
enthusiasm attribute
enthusiasm entity
enthusiasm feeling
enthusiasm state
enthusiasm abstraction
enthusiasm attribute
enthusiasm condition
enthusiasm curiosity
enthusiasm entity
enthusiasm interest
enthusiasm state
enthusiast advocate
enthusiast entity
enthusiast object
enthusiast organism
enthusiast person
enthusiast supporter
enthusiast whole
entirety abstraction
entirety attribute
entirety completeness
entirety entity
entirety integrity
entirety state
entitle appoint
entitle empower
entitle designate
entitle label
entitle name
entomology abstraction
entomology biology
entomology cognition
entomology content
entomology discipline
entomology entity
entomology science
entomology zoology
entrance access
entrance artifact
entrance entity
entrance object
entrance way
entrance whole
entrance abstraction
entrance entity
entrance event
entrance happening
entrance movement
entrance abstraction
entrance act
entrance action
entrance arrival
entrance entity
entrance event
entrance affect
entrance change
entrance sedate
entrepreneur businessperson
entrepreneur capitalist
entrepreneur entity
entrepreneur object
entrepreneur organism
entrepreneur person
entrepreneur whole
entrust pass
entrust transfer
entrust pass
entrust transfer
entry abstraction
entry communication
entry entity
entry evidence
entry indication
entry record
entry abstraction
entry accounting
entry communication
entry document
entry entity
entry record
entry register
enumerate denote
enumerate mean
enumerate name
enumeration abstraction
enumeration communication
enumeration database
enumeration entity
enumeration information
enumeration list
enumeration message
enunciation abstraction
enunciation articulation
enunciation communication
enunciation entity
enunciation pronunciation
enunciation utterance
envelop cover
envelope artifact
envelope container
envelope entity
envelope instrumentality
envelope object
envelope whole
envelope artifact
envelope covering
envelope entity
envelope object
envelope whole
envelope abstraction
envelope attribute
envelope curve
envelope entity
envelope line
envelope shape
envelope covering
envelope entity
envelope object
envelope whole
envelope ability
envelope abstraction
envelope attribute
envelope capability
envelope entity
envelope quality
envelope artifact
envelope bag
envelope container
envelope entity
envelope instrumentality
envelope object
envelope whole
environment abstraction
environment attribute
environment entity
environment situation
environment state
environment entity
environment location
environment object
environment region
environmentalism abstraction
environmentalism belief
environmentalism cognition
environmentalism content
environmentalism doctrine
environmentalism entity
environmentalism abstraction
environmentalism act
environmentalism activity
environmentalism entity
environmentalism event
environmentalism preservation
environmentalism protection
environmentalist entity
environmentalist object
environmentalist organism
environmentalist person
environmentalist reformer
environmentalist whole
envision imagine
envision make
envoy diplomat
envoy entity
envoy object
envoy official
envoy organism
envoy person
envoy whole
envoy worker
envoy abstraction
envoy communication
envoy entity
envoy matter
envoy stanza
envoy text
envoy writing
envy abstraction
envy attribute
envy emotion
envy entity
envy feeling
envy hate
envy hostility
envy resentment
envy state
envy abstraction
envy act
envy activity
envy entity
envy event
envy sin
envy transgression
envy admire
envy evaluate
envy respect
envy see
envy think
envy desire
enzyme abstraction
enzyme activator
enzyme catalyst
enzyme chemical
enzyme compound
enzyme entity
enzyme material
enzyme matter
enzyme molecule
enzyme part
enzyme protein
enzyme relation
enzyme substance
enzyme thing
enzyme unit
epicenter entity
epicenter location
epicenter object
epicenter point
epidemic abstraction
epidemic entity
epidemic event
epidemic happening
epidemic outbreak
epidemiology abstraction
epidemiology cognition
epidemiology content
epidemiology discipline
epidemiology entity
epidemiology medicine
epidemiology science
epidermis entity
epidermis layer
epidermis location
epidermis object
epidermis region
epilepsy abstraction
epilepsy attribute
epilepsy condition
epilepsy disorder
epilepsy entity
epilepsy state
epilogue abstraction
epilogue communication
epilogue conclusion
epilogue entity
epilogue music
epilogue section
epilogue writing
epilogue abstraction
epilogue communication
epilogue conclusion
epilogue entity
epilogue music
epilogue section
epilogue writing
epiphany abstraction
epiphany appearance
epiphany entity
epiphany event
epiphany happening
epiphany manifestation
epiphany abstraction
epiphany day
epiphany entity
epiphany holiday
epiphany measure
episode abstraction
episode entity
episode event
episode happening
episode abstraction
episode communication
episode entity
episode music
episode section
episode writing
episode abstraction
episode broadcast
episode entity
episode event
episode show
epitaph abstraction
epitaph communication
epitaph entity
epitaph inscription
epitaph writing
epitaph abstraction
epitaph approval
epitaph communication
epitaph entity
epitaph memorial
epitaph message
epitaph recognition
equal compete
equal change
equality abstraction
equality attribute
equality entity
equality quality
equality sameness
equality abstraction
equality attribute
equality entity
equality state
equality status
equalization abstraction
equalization act
equalization entity
equalization event
equalize gain
equalize score
equalizer artifact
equalizer entity
equalizer equipment
equalizer instrumentality
equalizer object
equalizer whole
equalizer abstraction
equalizer accomplishment
equalizer act
equalizer action
equalizer attainment
equalizer entity
equalizer event
equalizer score
equalizer success
equation abstraction
equation communication
equation entity
equation message
equation statement
equation abstraction
equation act
equation entity
equation equalization
equation event
equator entity
equator line
equator location
equator object
equator abstraction
equator attribute
equator circle
equator ellipse
equator entity
equator figure
equator shape
equatorial artifact
equatorial device
equatorial entity
equatorial instrumentality
equatorial instrument
equatorial magnifier
equatorial object
equatorial telescope
equatorial whole
equilateral abstraction
equilateral attribute
equilateral entity
equilateral figure
equilateral shape
equilibrium abstraction
equilibrium attribute
equilibrium entity
equilibrium situation
equilibrium state
equilibrium ability
equilibrium abstraction
equilibrium cognition
equilibrium entity
equilibrium faculty
equilibrium sense
equilibrium sensitivity
equinox abstraction
equinox attribute
equinox entity
equinox time
equip give
equip supply
equip transfer
equip change
equip enable
equipment artifact
equipment entity
equipment instrumentality
equipment object
equipment whole
equity abstraction
equity assets
equity entity
equity possession
equity relation
equity abstraction
equity assets
equity entity
equity interest
equity possession
equity relation
equity share
equivalence abstraction
equivalence attribute
equivalence entity
equivalence equality
equivalence quality
equivalence sameness
equivalent abstraction
equivalent cognition
equivalent entity
equivalent abstraction
equivalent attribute
equivalent entity
equivalent mass
equivalent measure
equivalent property
era abstraction
era entity
era measure
era abstraction
era attribute
era entity
era time
eradication abstraction
eradication destruction
eradication ending
eradication entity
eradication event
eradication happening
erase kill
erase delete
erase remove
erasure abstraction
erasure communication
erasure correction
erasure editing
erasure entity
erasure writing
erasure abstraction
erasure area
erasure attribute
erasure entity
erasure extent
erasure magnitude
erasure property
erecting abstraction
erecting act
erecting activity
erecting construction
erecting creation
erecting entity
erecting event
erection abstraction
erection arousal
erection attribute
erection condition
erection entity
erection state
erection artifact
erection entity
erection object
erection structure
erection whole
erectness abstraction
erectness attribute
erectness entity
erectness position
erectness property
erectness stance
erode change
erode decay
erode change
erode damage
erosion entity
erosion process
erosion abstraction
erosion attribute
erosion condition
erosion entity
erosion state
erosion decline
erosion decrease
erosion entity
erosion process
erotic entity
erotic object
erotic organism
erotic person
erotic whole
eroticism abstraction
eroticism arousal
eroticism attribute
eroticism condition
eroticism entity
eroticism state
errand abstraction
errand act
errand action
errand change
errand entity
errand event
errand journey
errand motion
errand travel
errand trip
error abstraction
error cognition
error content
error entity
error idea
error abstraction
error act
error entity
error event
error failure
error abstraction
error attribute
error entity
error evil
error immorality
error quality
error abstraction
error entity
error event
error happening
error abstraction
error communication
error entity
error message
error statement
erupt begin
erupt change
erupt increase
erupt intensify
erupt change
erupt appear
erupt change
erupt explode
erupt appear
erupt change
erupt hurt
erupt trouble
eruption abstraction
eruption cognition
eruption entity
eruption evidence
eruption information
eruption symptom
eruption abstraction
eruption action
eruption attribute
eruption entity
eruption state
eruption abstraction
eruption beginning
eruption emergence
eruption entity
eruption event
eruption happening
escalate change
escalate increase
escalation abstraction
escalation act
escalation action
escalation change
escalation entity
escalation event
escalation increase
escapade abstraction
escapade act
escapade activity
escapade diversion
escapade entity
escapade event
escape abstraction
escape act
escape entity
escape event
escape abstraction
escape act
escape activity
escape diversion
escape entity
escape event
escape abstraction
escape act
escape avoidance
escape entity
escape event
escape rejection
escape abstraction
escape act
escape entity
escape event
escape implementation
escape means
escape entity
escape object
escape organism
escape plant
escape whole
escape abstraction
escape discharge
escape entity
escape event
escape flow
escape happening
escape movement
escape flee
escape leave
escape scat
escape escape
escape flee
escape leave
escape scat
escape issue
escapee criminal
escapee entity
escapee fugitive
escapee object
escapee organism
escapee person
escapee principal
escapee whole
escort abstraction
escort act
escort activity
escort entity
escort event
escort protection
escort assistant
escort attendant
escort entity
escort object
escort organism
escort person
escort whole
escort worker
escort accompany
escort travel
esophagus entity
esophagus part
esophagus passage
esophagus structure
esophagus system
esophagus thing
espresso abstraction
espresso beverage
espresso coffee
espresso entity
espresso fluid
espresso food
espresso liquid
espresso matter
espresso part
espresso relation
espresso substance
esquire assistant
esquire attendant
esquire entity
esquire object
esquire organism
esquire person
esquire whole
esquire worker
esquire adult
esquire entity
esquire male
esquire man
esquire object
esquire organism
esquire person
esquire whole
essay abstraction
essay communication
essay entity
essay writing
essay abstraction
essay act
essay activity
essay attempt
essay entity
essay event
essayist entity
essayist object
essayist organism
essayist person
essayist whole
essayist writer
essence abstraction
essence entity
essence matter
essence part
essence relation
essence substance
establish open
establish cause
establish initiate
establish make
establishment artifact
establishment entity
establishment object
establishment structure
establishment whole
establishment abstraction
establishment entity
establishment group
establishment organization
establishment entity
establishment process
establishment abstraction
establishment cognition
establishment entity
establishment evidence
establishment information
establishment proof
estate abstraction
estate entity
estate possession
estate property
estate relation
estate abstraction
estate entity
estate possession
estate property
estate relation
esteem abstraction
esteem attribute
esteem entity
esteem honor
esteem standing
esteem state
esteem status
estimate abstraction
estimate calculation
estimate cognition
estimate entity
estimate process
estimate thinking
estimate abstraction
estimate act
estimate entity
estimate event
estimate judgment
estimate abstraction
estimate communication
estimate entity
estimate message
estimate statement
estimate abstraction
estimate attitude
estimate cognition
estimate entity
estimate respect
estimate calculate
estimate reason
estimate think
estrogen abstraction
estrogen entity
estrogen hormone
estrogen matter
estrogen part
estrogen relation
estrogen secretion
estrogen substance
estuary entity
estuary thing
etcetera entity
etcetera object
etcetera stuff
etching art
etching artifact
etching creation
etching engraving
etching entity
etching object
etching print
etching whole
etching artifact
etching engraving
etching entity
etching object
etching plate
etching sheet
etching whole
eternity abstraction
eternity attribute
eternity entity
eternity time
eternity abstraction
eternity attribute
eternity being
eternity entity
eternity state
eternity abstraction
eternity entity
eternity measure
ether abstraction
ether chemical
ether compound
ether entity
ether material
ether matter
ether part
ether relation
ether substance
ether abstraction
ether act
ether communication
ether entity
ether event
ether medium
ether agent
ether anesthetic
ether drug
ether entity
ether matter
ether substance
ethic abstraction
ethic cognition
ethic content
ethic entity
ethic idea
ethic ideal
ethic principle
ethic value
ethic ability
ethic abstraction
ethic cognition
ethic entity
ethic method
ethic system
ethics abstraction
ethics cognition
ethics content
ethics discipline
ethics entity
ethics philosophy
ethnic entity
ethnic object
ethnic organism
ethnic person
ethnic whole
ethnicity abstraction
ethnicity attribute
ethnicity entity
ethnicity quality
ethnocentrism abstraction
ethnocentrism attitude
ethnocentrism cognition
ethnocentrism entity
ethnocentrism inclination
ethnocentrism partiality
ethnologist anthropologist
ethnologist entity
ethnologist object
ethnologist organism
ethnologist person
ethnologist scientist
ethnologist whole
ethnology abstraction
ethnology anthropology
ethnology cognition
ethnology content
ethnology discipline
ethnology entity
ethnology science
ethyl entity
ethyl group
ethyl thing
ethyl unit
etiquette abstraction
etiquette communication
etiquette direction
etiquette entity
etiquette message
etiquette rule
eucalyptus abstraction
eucalyptus entity
eucalyptus material
eucalyptus matter
eucalyptus part
eucalyptus relation
eucalyptus substance
eucalyptus wood
eucalyptus entity
eucalyptus object
eucalyptus organism
eucalyptus plant
eucalyptus tree
eucalyptus whole
eulogy abstraction
eulogy approval
eulogy communication
eulogy entity
eulogy message
eulogy praise
euphemism abstraction
euphemism communication
euphemism entity
euphemism saying
euphemism speech
euphoria abstraction
euphoria attribute
euphoria elation
euphoria emotion
euphoria entity
euphoria feeling
euphoria joy
euphoria state
euthanasia abstraction
euthanasia act
euthanasia action
euthanasia change
euthanasia entity
euthanasia event
euthanasia killing
euthanasia termination
evacuate move
evacuate change
evacuate empty
evacuate displace
evacuate move
evacuate change
evacuate empty
evacuate excrete
evacuate exhaust
evacuation abstraction
evacuation act
evacuation departure
evacuation entity
evacuation event
evacuation withdrawal
evade act
evade avoid
evaluate think
evaluation abstraction
evaluation act
evaluation entity
evaluation event
evaluation judgment
evaluation abstraction
evaluation appraisal
evaluation classification
evaluation cognition
evaluation entity
evaluation process
evangelism abstraction
evangelism act
evangelism address
evangelism entity
evangelism event
evangelism sermon
evangelist clergyman
evangelist entity
evangelist leader
evangelist object
evangelist organism
evangelist person
evangelist preacher
evangelist whole
evangelist entity
evangelist leader
evangelist object
evangelist organism
evangelist person
evangelist whole
evaporate change
evasion abstraction
evasion communication
evasion entity
evasion falsehood
evasion message
evasion misrepresentation
evasion statement
evasion abstraction
evasion act
evasion commerce
evasion entity
evasion event
evasion transaction
evasion abstraction
evasion act
evasion entity
evasion event
evasion negligence
evasion abstraction
evasion act
evasion entity
evasion escape
evasion event
eve abstraction
eve day
eve entity
eve measure
eve abstraction
eve entity
eve measure
even change
even arrange
even move
even put
evening abstraction
evening day
evening entity
evening measure
evening abstraction
evening entity
evening measure
evening abstraction
evening entity
evening measure
evenness abstraction
evenness entity
evenness relation
evenness abstraction
evenness attribute
evenness entity
evenness quality
evenness regularity
evenness abstraction
evenness attribute
evenness entity
evenness equality
evenness quality
evenness sameness
event abstraction
event entity
event abstraction
event attribute
event circumstance
event condition
event entity
event state
event entity
event phenomenon
event process
evergreen entity
evergreen object
evergreen organism
evergreen plant
evergreen whole
everlasting composite
everlasting entity
everlasting flower
everlasting object
everlasting organism
everlasting plant
everlasting whole
evict eject
evict expel
evict move
evict eject
evict expel
evict move
eviction abstraction
eviction act
eviction causing
eviction compulsion
eviction entity
eviction event
eviction abstraction
eviction act
eviction entity
eviction event
evidence abstraction
evidence cognition
evidence entity
evidence information
evidence abstraction
evidence communication
evidence entity
evidence indication
evidence abstraction
evidence communication
evidence entity
evidence information
evidence message
evil abstraction
evil act
evil activity
evil entity
evil event
evil transgression
evil abstraction
evil attribute
evil bad
evil entity
evil quality
evil abstraction
evil attribute
evil entity
evil immorality
evil quality
evolution entity
evolution process
evolve make
evolve change
evolve develop
evolve grow
evolve increase
exactness abstraction
exactness accuracy
exactness attribute
exactness entity
exactness quality
exaggeration abstraction
exaggeration act
exaggeration action
exaggeration change
exaggeration entity
exaggeration event
exaggeration increase
exaggeration abstraction
exaggeration communication
exaggeration entity
exaggeration falsehood
exaggeration message
exaggeration misrepresentation
exaggeration statement
exaltation entity
exaltation location
exaltation object
exaltation point
exaltation abstraction
exaltation entity
exaltation flock
exaltation group
examination abstraction
examination act
examination activity
examination entity
examination event
examination investigation
examination work
examination abstraction
examination act
examination communication
examination entity
examination event
examination abstraction
examination act
examination activity
examination entity
examination event
examination investigation
examination work
examine act
examine address
examine ask
examine communicate
examine interact
examine question
examiner entity
examiner inquirer
examiner object
examiner organism
examiner person
examiner speaker
examiner whole
examiner entity
examiner expert
examiner investigator
examiner object
examiner organism
examiner person
examiner whole
example abstraction
example cognition
example entity
example information
example abstraction
example advice
example communication
example entity
example message
example proposal
exasperation abstraction
exasperation act
exasperation activity
exasperation annoyance
exasperation entity
exasperation event
exasperation practice
excavation abstraction
excavation act
excavation activity
excavation creation
excavation entity
excavation event
excavation artifact
excavation entity
excavation object
excavation whole
excavator employee
excavator entity
excavator object
excavator organism
excavator person
excavator whole
excavator worker
excavator workman
exceed excel
excellence abstraction
excellence attribute
excellence entity
excellence quality
excellence abstraction
excellence cognition
excellence concept
excellence content
excellence entity
excellence feature
excellence idea
excellence property
excellency adult
excellency entity
excellency object
excellency organism
excellency person
excellency whole
exception abstraction
exception cognition
exception disregard
exception entity
exception process
exception abstraction
exception cognition
exception entity
exception example
exception information
exception abstraction
exception act
exception entity
exception event
exception objection
excerpt abstraction
excerpt communication
excerpt entity
excerpt music
excerpt passage
excerpt section
excerpt writing
excerpt choose
excerpt decide
excess abstraction
excess abundance
excess amount
excess attribute
excess entity
excess magnitude
excess property
excess quantity
excess abstraction
excess attribute
excess degree
excess entity
excess property
exchange entity
exchange phenomenon
exchange process
exchange abstraction
exchange communication
exchange conversation
exchange entity
exchange speech
exchange abstraction
exchange act
exchange entity
exchange event
exchange abstraction
exchange act
exchange entity
exchange event
exchange transaction
exchange entity
exchange location
exchange object
exchange point
exchange workplace
exchange abstraction
exchange act
exchange commerce
exchange entity
exchange event
exchange transaction
exchange abstraction
exchange act
exchange activity
exchange capture
exchange entity
exchange event
exchange move
exchange turn
exchange abstraction
exchange act
exchange activity
exchange capture
exchange entity
exchange event
exchange move
exchange turn
exchange transfer
exchange appoint
exchange delegate
exchange transfer
exchanger entity
exchanger object
exchanger organism
exchanger person
exchanger whole
excise abstraction
excise charge
excise entity
excise levy
excise possession
excise relation
excise tax
excise account
excise charge
excise levy
excise tax
excise destroy
excise extinguish
excitation abstraction
excitation arousal
excitation attribute
excitation condition
excitation entity
excitation state
excitation abstraction
excitation act
excitation action
excitation arousal
excitation change
excitation entity
excitation event
excite arouse
excite make
excite change
excitement abstraction
excitement arousal
excitement attribute
excitement condition
excitement entity
excitement state
exclamation abstraction
exclamation communication
exclamation entity
exclamation utterance
exclamation abstraction
exclamation communication
exclamation complaint
exclamation cry
exclamation entity
exclamation utterance
exclude destroy
exclude extinguish
exclude prevent
exclude miss
exclusion abstraction
exclusion attribute
exclusion entity
exclusion situation
exclusion state
exclusive abstraction
exclusive communication
exclusive entity
exclusive information
exclusive message
exclusive news
exclusive report
excommunication abstraction
excommunication attribute
excommunication entity
excommunication rejection
excommunication situation
excommunication state
excommunication abstraction
excommunication act
excommunication banishment
excommunication entity
excommunication event
excommunication rejection
excrete exhaust
excursion abstraction
excursion act
excursion action
excursion change
excursion entity
excursion event
excursion journey
excursion motion
excursion travel
excuse abstraction
excuse communication
excuse defense
excuse entity
excuse explanation
excuse justification
excuse message
excuse statement
excuse abstraction
excuse artifact
excuse communication
excuse creation
excuse document
excuse entity
excuse letter
excuse matter
excuse note
excuse object
excuse representation
excuse text
excuse whole
excuse writing
excuse agree
excuse forgive
excuse agree
excuse forgive
excuse affirm
excuse confirm
excuse justify
excuse uphold
excuse communicate
excuse convey
excuse move
excuse request
excuse transfer
excuse agree
excuse forgive
execute kill
execute punish
execute kill
execute murder
execute compel
execute enforce
execute induce
execute contract
execute declare
execute express
execute promise
execute sign
execute state
execution abstraction
execution act
execution entity
execution event
execution punishment
execution entity
execution process
execution abstraction
execution act
execution activity
execution entity
execution event
execution handwriting
execution subscription
execution writing
execution abstraction
execution communication
execution document
execution entity
execution writing
execution abstraction
execution act
execution enforcement
execution entity
execution event
executioner entity
executioner killer
executioner object
executioner organism
executioner person
executioner whole
executive administrator
executive entity
executive head
executive leader
executive object
executive organism
executive person
executive whole
executive abstraction
executive administration
executive body
executive entity
executive group
executor entity
executor object
executor organism
executor person
executor whole
exemplify act
exemplify communicate
exemplify convey
exemplify embody
exemplify impart
exemplify inform
exemplify interact
exemplify mean
exemplify tell
exemplify act
exemplify clarify
exemplify communicate
exemplify elaborate
exemplify explain
exemplify inform
exemplify interact
exemption abstraction
exemption attribute
exemption condition
exemption entity
exemption state
exemption abstraction
exemption cost
exemption depreciation
exemption entity
exemption expense
exemption loss
exemption possession
exemption relation
exemption abstraction
exemption act
exemption action
exemption change
exemption entity
exemption event
exemption release
exemption relinquishment
exemption termination
exercise abstraction
exercise act
exercise activity
exercise effort
exercise entity
exercise event
exercise labor
exercise work
exercise abstraction
exercise act
exercise activity
exercise entity
exercise event
exercise training
exercise abstraction
exercise act
exercise activity
exercise assignment
exercise entity
exercise event
exercise lesson
exercise undertaking
exercise work
exercise abstraction
exercise affair
exercise ceremony
exercise entity
exercise event
exercise use
exercise work
exert use
exert act
exhalation breath
exhalation entity
exhalation process
exhaust abstraction
exhaust entity
exhaust fluid
exhaust gas
exhaust material
exhaust matter
exhaust part
exhaust relation
exhaust substance
exhaust waste
exhaust artifact
exhaust entity
exhaust instrumentality
exhaust object
exhaust system
exhaust whole
exhaust change
exhaust tire
exhaust change
exhaust empty
exhaustion abstraction
exhaustion attribute
exhaustion entity
exhaustion fatigue
exhaustion state
exhaustion abstraction
exhaustion act
exhaustion action
exhaustion change
exhaustion decrease
exhaustion depletion
exhaustion entity
exhaustion event
exhibit abstraction
exhibit communication
exhibit entity
exhibit evidence
exhibit information
exhibit message
exhibit have
exhibit possess
exhibition abstraction
exhibition act
exhibition activity
exhibition diversion
exhibition entertainment
exhibition entity
exhibition event
exhibition presentation
exhibition show
exhibition abstraction
exhibition collection
exhibition entity
exhibition group
exhibitionism abstraction
exhibitionism communication
exhibitionism display
exhibitionism entity
exhibitionism perversion
exhibitionism process
exhilaration abstraction
exhilaration attribute
exhilaration emotion
exhilaration entity
exhilaration feeling
exhilaration joy
exhilaration state
exhortation abstraction
exhortation act
exhortation communication
exhortation entity
exhortation event
exhortation abstraction
exhortation act
exhortation communication
exhortation entity
exhortation event
exhortation persuasion
exhumation abstraction
exhumation act
exhumation entity
exhumation event
exile entity
exile object
exile organism
exile person
exile traveler
exile whole
exile entity
exile foreigner
exile object
exile organism
exile person
exile traveler
exile whole
exile abstraction
exile act
exile banishment
exile entity
exile event
exile rejection
existentialism abstraction
existentialism belief
existentialism cognition
existentialism content
existentialism doctrine
existentialism entity
exit artifact
exit entity
exit object
exit opening
exit whole
exit abstraction
exit act
exit departure
exit entity
exit event
exit move
exit compete
exit play
exodus abstraction
exodus act
exodus entity
exodus escape
exodus event
exoneration abstraction
exoneration attribute
exoneration condition
exoneration entity
exoneration state
exorcist abstraction
exorcist attribute
exorcist entity
exorcist state
exorcist status
exorcist entity
exorcist object
exorcist organism
exorcist person
exorcist sorcerer
exorcist whole
expand change
expand grow
expand increase
expand change
expand grow
expand increase
expand change
expand enlarge
expand increase
expanse abstraction
expanse attribute
expanse entity
expanse location
expanse object
expanse shape
expanse space
expansion abstraction
expansion act
expansion action
expansion change
expansion entity
expansion event
expansion increase
expansion abstraction
expansion entity
expansion function
expansion relation
expansion abstraction
expansion act
expansion communication
expansion discussion
expansion entity
expansion event
expansion abstraction
expansion act
expansion action
expansion change
expansion entity
expansion event
expansion increase
expansionism abstraction
expansionism belief
expansionism cognition
expansionism content
expansionism doctrine
expansionism entity
expansiveness abstraction
expansiveness attribute
expansiveness entity
expansiveness excellence
expansiveness impressiveness
expansiveness quality
expatriate expel
expatriate move
expatriate migrate
expatriate move
expect evaluate
expect think
expect evaluate
expect see
expect think
expect expect
expectation abstraction
expectation belief
expectation cognition
expectation content
expectation entity
expectation abstraction
expectation attribute
expectation entity
expectation feeling
expectation state
expedient abstraction
expedient act
expedient entity
expedient event
expedient implementation
expedient means
expedite help
expedite support
expedite action
expedite ask
expedite challenge
expedite communicate
expedite convey
expedite invite
expedite move
expedite request
expedite transfer
expedition abstraction
expedition act
expedition activity
expedition campaign
expedition entity
expedition event
expedition operation
expedition abstraction
expedition entity
expedition group
expedition organization
expedition unit
expedition abstraction
expedition act
expedition action
expedition change
expedition entity
expedition event
expedition journey
expedition motion
expedition travel
expel move
expense abstraction
expense cost
expense entity
expense possession
expense relation
expense abstraction
expense change
expense damage
expense detriment
expense entity
expense event
expense happening
expense abstraction
expense entity
expense possession
expense relation
expense change
expense depreciate
experience abstraction
experience cognition
experience content
experience education
experience entity
experience abstraction
experience cognition
experience content
experience entity
experience abstraction
experience entity
experience event
experience happening
experience change
experience undergo
experience change
experience undergo
experiment abstraction
experiment act
experiment activity
experiment entity
experiment event
experiment investigation
experiment research
experiment work
experiment abstraction
experiment cognition
experiment entity
experiment inquiry
experiment process
experiment thinking
experiment abstraction
experiment act
experiment activity
experiment entity
experiment event
experiment undertaking
experiment venture
experiment work
experiment analyze
experiment investigate
expert entity
expert object
expert organism
expert person
expert whole
expertness abstraction
expertness attribute
expertness entity
expertness skillfulness
expertness state
explain act
explain communicate
explain inform
explain interact
explain express
explain state
explanation abstraction
explanation communication
explanation entity
explanation message
explanation statement
explanation abstraction
explanation cognition
explanation entity
explanation process
explanation thinking
explanation abstraction
explanation act
explanation entity
explanation event
explicitness abstraction
explicitness attribute
explicitness clarity
explicitness comprehensibility
explicitness entity
explicitness quality
explode change
explode act
explode react
explode change
explode destroy
explode pronounce
explode condemn
explode declare
explode express
explode state
explode confirm
explode negate
explode prove
explode change
explode increase
exploit use
exploitation abstraction
exploitation act
exploitation activity
exploitation entity
exploitation event
exploitation use
exploitation abstraction
exploitation act
exploitation activity
exploitation entity
exploitation event
exploitation practice
exploration abstraction
exploration act
exploration action
exploration change
exploration entity
exploration event
exploration expedition
exploration journey
exploration motion
exploration travel
exploration abstraction
exploration act
exploration activity
exploration entity
exploration event
exploration search
exploration abstraction
exploration cognition
exploration consideration
exploration entity
exploration process
exploration thinking
explore analyze
explore investigate
explore analyze
explore diagnose
explore analyze
explore diagnose
explorer entity
explorer object
explorer organism
explorer person
explorer whole
explosion abstraction
explosion discharge
explosion entity
explosion event
explosion happening
explosion abstraction
explosion act
explosion action
explosion change
explosion entity
explosion event
explosion abstraction
explosion change
explosion entity
explosion event
explosion happening
explosion increase
explosion abstraction
explosion entity
explosion event
explosion happening
explosion noise
explosion sound
explosion abstraction
explosion communication
explosion demonstration
explosion entity
explosion expression
explosion abstraction
explosion act
explosion action
explosion change
explosion entity
explosion event
explosion maneuver
explosion motion
explosion stroke
explosive abstraction
explosive chemical
explosive entity
explosive material
explosive matter
explosive part
explosive relation
explosive substance
exponent entity
exponent intellectual
exponent object
exponent organism
exponent person
exponent whole
exponent abstraction
exponent communication
exponent entity
exponent notation
exponent writing
exponential abstraction
exponential entity
exponential function
exponential relation
export artifact
export commodity
export entity
export object
export whole
export trade
export move
export transfer
export spread
exporter businessperson
exporter capitalist
exporter entity
exporter object
exporter organism
exporter person
exporter whole
expose abstraction
expose act
expose disclosure
expose entity
expose event
expose exposure
expose affect
expose change
expose subject
expose show
expose affect
expose change
expose subject
expose abandon
expose leave
exposition abstraction
exposition communication
exposition entity
exposition explanation
exposition interpretation
exposition message
exposition statement
exposition abstraction
exposition communication
exposition entity
exposition explanation
exposition message
exposition statement
exposition abstraction
exposition communication
exposition entity
exposition music
exposition section
exposition writing
exposure abstraction
exposure attribute
exposure entity
exposure property
exposure weakness
exposure abstraction
exposure act
exposure causing
exposure entity
exposure event
exposure influence
exposure abstraction
exposure act
exposure disclosure
exposure entity
exposure event
exposure abstraction
exposure cognition
exposure content
exposure entity
exposure representation
exposure view
exposure abstraction
exposure entity
exposure measure
exposure abstraction
exposure act
exposure activity
exposure entity
exposure event
exposure photography
exposure representation
exposure abstraction
exposure act
exposure activity
exposure diversion
exposure entertainment
exposure entity
exposure event
exposure presentation
exposure show
exposure abandonment
exposure abstraction
exposure act
exposure entity
exposure event
exposure rejection
express abstraction
express communication
express entity
express mail
express message
express artifact
express conveyance
express entity
express instrumentality
express object
express whole
express abstraction
express act
express commerce
express entity
express event
express transaction
express transportation
express act
express communicate
express convey
express impart
express inform
express interact
express tell
express denote
express mean
express make
express realize
express mail
express move
express transfer
expression abstraction
expression appearance
expression attribute
expression entity
expression quality
expression abstraction
expression communication
expression demonstration
expression entity
expression abstraction
expression act
expression communication
expression entity
expression event
expression entity
expression process
expression abstraction
expression act
expression compression
expression entity
expression event
expression press
expression propulsion
expression push
expression squeeze
expressionism abstraction
expressionism entity
expressionism group
expressionism movement
expressionist artist
expressionist creator
expressionist entity
expressionist object
expressionist organism
expressionist person
expressionist whole
expressiveness abstraction
expressiveness attribute
expressiveness entity
expressiveness quality
expressway artifact
expressway entity
expressway highway
expressway object
expressway road
expressway way
expressway whole
expulsion abstraction
expulsion act
expulsion entity
expulsion event
expulsion propulsion
exquisiteness abstraction
exquisiteness appearance
exquisiteness attribute
exquisiteness beauty
exquisiteness entity
exquisiteness quality
extend give
extend supply
extend transfer
extend be
extend change
extend straighten
extend change
extend increase
extend lengthen
extend prolong
extend change
extend increase
extension abstraction
extension delay
extension entity
extension measure
extension pause
extension abstraction
extension act
extension action
extension change
extension entity
extension event
extension expansion
extension increase
extension abstraction
extension act
extension activity
extension education
extension entity
extension event
extension abstraction
extension act
extension action
extension change
extension entity
extension event
extension expansion
extension increase
extension abstraction
extension arrangement
extension entity
extension group
extension sequence
extension series
extension string
extension abstraction
extension art
extension artifact
extension attribute
extension creation
extension dance
extension entity
extension object
extension property
extension whole
extension abstraction
extension attribute
extension dimension
extension entity
extension length
extension magnitude
extension measure
extension property
extension artifact
extension entity
extension equipment
extension instrumentality
extension object
extension telephone
extension whole
extent abstraction
extent attribute
extent degree
extent entity
extent state
extent abstraction
extent attribute
extent entity
extent magnitude
extent property
exterminate kill
extermination abstraction
extermination act
extermination action
extermination change
extermination destruction
extermination entity
extermination event
extermination termination
exterminator entity
exterminator killer
exterminator object
exterminator organism
exterminator person
exterminator whole
external abstraction
external cognition
external concept
external content
external entity
external feature
external idea
external property
externalization abstraction
externalization attribution
externalization classification
externalization cognition
externalization entity
externalization process
externalization abstraction
externalization act
externalization activity
externalization creation
externalization entity
externalization event
externalization realization
extinction abstraction
extinction attribute
extinction entity
extinction inaction
extinction state
extinction abstraction
extinction attribute
extinction death
extinction entity
extinction state
extinction entity
extinction process
extinction abstraction
extinction annihilation
extinction destruction
extinction ending
extinction entity
extinction event
extinction happening
extinction abstraction
extinction cognition
extinction conditioning
extinction entity
extinction learning
extinction process
extinction abstraction
extinction act
extinction action
extinction change
extinction entity
extinction event
extinction termination
extinguish destroy
extortion abstraction
extortion charge
extortion cost
extortion entity
extortion possession
extortion relation
extortion abstraction
extortion act
extortion activity
extortion demand
extortion entity
extortion event
extortion abstraction
extortion act
extortion activity
extortion crime
extortion entity
extortion event
extortion felony
extortion transgression
extra artifact
extra creation
extra edition
extra entity
extra issue
extra object
extra periodical
extra product
extra publication
extra whole
extra work
extra artifact
extra entity
extra object
extra whole
extract remove
extract get
extract obtain
extract change
extract separate
extract calculate
extract reason
extract think
extraction entity
extraction process
extraction abstraction
extraction act
extraction action
extraction change
extraction entity
extraction event
extraction removal
extraction separation
extradition abstraction
extradition act
extradition conveyance
extradition delivery
extradition entity
extradition event
extradition surrender
extradition transaction
extradition transfer
extreme abstraction
extreme attribute
extreme degree
extreme entity
extreme property
extremism abstraction
extremism attitude
extremism cognition
extremism entity
extremism orientation
extremist entity
extremist object
extremist organism
extremist person
extremist radical
extremist whole
extremity entity
extremity part
extremity thing
extremity abstraction
extremity adversity
extremity attribute
extremity condition
extremity entity
extremity fortune
extremity misfortune
extremity state
extremity abstraction
extremity attribute
extremity degree
extremity entity
extremity state
extremity entity
extremity location
extremity object
extremity region
extremity entity
extremity part
extremity thing
extrovert entity
extrovert object
extrovert organism
extrovert person
extrovert whole
extrusion abstraction
extrusion act
extrusion compression
extrusion entity
extrusion event
extrusion press
extrusion propulsion
extrusion push
extrusion squeeze
exuberance abstraction
exuberance attribute
exuberance emotion
exuberance enthusiasm
exuberance entity
exuberance feeling
exuberance joy
exuberance state
exuberance abstraction
exuberance activeness
exuberance animation
exuberance attribute
exuberance entity
exuberance trait
exude excrete
exude exhaust
exude act
exude communicate
exude convey
exude express
exude impart
exude inform
exude interact
exude tell
exultation abstraction
exultation attribute
exultation emotion
exultation entity
exultation feeling
exultation joy
exultation state
exultation abstraction
exultation communication
exultation entity
exultation utterance
eye entity
eye organ
eye part
eye thing
eye ability
eye abstraction
eye cognition
eye entity
eye wisdom
eye abstraction
eye attention
eye cognition
eye entity
eye process
eye artifact
eye entity
eye hole
eye object
eye opening
eye whole
eye look
eyeball capsule
eyeball entity
eyeball part
eyeball structure
eyeball thing
eyebrow covering
eyebrow entity
eyebrow hair
eyebrow object
eyebrow whole
eyelash covering
eyelash entity
eyelash hair
eyelash object
eyelash whole
eyelet artifact
eyelet entity
eyelet hole
eyelet object
eyelet opening
eyelet whole
eyes abstraction
eyes belief
eyes cognition
eyes content
eyes entity
eyes opinion
eyesight ability
eyesight abstraction
eyesight cognition
eyesight entity
eyesight faculty
eyesight sense
eyesight sensitivity
eyesight sight
eyewitness entity
eyewitness object
eyewitness organism
eyewitness person
eyewitness spectator
eyewitness whole
eyewitness watch
eyewitness witness
fable abstraction
fable communication
fable entity
fable fiction
fable story
fable writing
fabric artifact
fabric entity
fabric object
fabric whole
fabricate make
fabrication abstraction
fabrication communication
fabrication entity
fabrication falsehood
fabrication message
fabrication statement
fabrication abstraction
fabrication act
fabrication activity
fabrication creation
fabrication entity
fabrication event
fabrication writing
fabrication abstraction
fabrication act
fabrication activity
fabrication creation
fabrication entity
fabrication event
fabrication abstraction
fabrication act
fabrication activity
fabrication construction
fabrication creation
fabrication entity
fabrication event
facade artifact
facade entity
facade front
facade object
facade side
facade surface
facade whole
facade abstraction
facade communication
facade entity
facade falsehood
facade message
facade misrepresentation
facade statement
face entity
face part
face thing
face abstraction
face appearance
face attribute
face entity
face quality
face artifact
face entity
face object
face surface
face whole
face entity
face object
face organism
face person
face whole
face entity
face part
face thing
face artifact
face entity
face front
face object
face side
face surface
face whole
face abstraction
face attribute
face entity
face state
face status
face artifact
face entity
face object
face surface
face whole
face be
face move
face turn
face disclose
face show
face uncover
face cover
face line
face cover
facet abstraction
facet attribute
facet entity
facet figure
facet shape
facial entity
facial nerve
facial part
facial thing
facial tissue
facial abstraction
facial act
facial action
facial activity
facial beautification
facial care
facial change
facial entity
facial event
facial work
facilitate help
facilitate support
facilitate cause
facilitate make
facilitation abstraction
facilitation attribute
facilitation condition
facilitation entity
facilitation state
facilitation entity
facilitation phenomenon
facilitation process
facilitation abstraction
facilitation act
facilitation activity
facilitation aid
facilitation entity
facilitation event
facilitator assistant
facilitator entity
facilitator object
facilitator organism
facilitator person
facilitator whole
facilitator worker
facility artifact
facility entity
facility object
facility whole
facility abstraction
facility attribute
facility ease
facility entity
facility quality
facility artifact
facility entity
facility object
facility whole
facility abstraction
facility act
facility activity
facility entity
facility event
facility service
facility work
facing artifact
facing covering
facing entity
facing lining
facing object
facing whole
facing artifact
facing coating
facing covering
facing entity
facing object
facing whole
facing artifact
facing covering
facing entity
facing object
facing whole
facsimile artifact
facsimile copy
facsimile creation
facsimile entity
facsimile object
facsimile representation
facsimile whole
facsimile apparatus
facsimile artifact
facsimile entity
facsimile equipment
facsimile instrumentality
facsimile object
facsimile whole
fact abstraction
fact cognition
fact entity
fact information
fact abstraction
fact communication
fact entity
fact information
fact message
fact abstraction
fact actuality
fact attribute
fact being
fact entity
fact reality
fact state
fact abstraction
fact cognition
fact concept
fact content
fact entity
fact idea
faction abstraction
faction clique
faction entity
faction group
faction set
factor abstraction
factor beginning
factor cause
factor entity
factor event
factor happening
factor origin
factor abstraction
factor entity
factor measure
factor number
factor abstraction
factor cognition
factor concept
factor content
factor entity
factor idea
factor quantity
factor variable
factor calculate
factor reason
factor think
factor change
factor lend
factor study
factor think
factorial abstraction
factorial cognition
factorial concept
factorial content
factorial entity
factorial idea
factorial product
factorial quantity
factory artifact
factory entity
factory object
factory plant
factory structure
factory whole
factuality abstraction
factuality attribute
factuality entity
factuality quality
faculty ability
faculty abstraction
faculty cognition
faculty entity
fad abstraction
fad cognition
fad discrimination
fad entity
fad fashion
fad process
fad taste
fad vogue
fade abstraction
fade act
fade action
fade change
fade entity
fade event
fade termination
fade change
fade decrease
fade weaken
fade disappear
fag help
fag serve
fag support
fail disappoint
fail prevent
fail change
fail evaluate
fail think
fail change
fail worsen
failure abstraction
failure act
failure entity
failure event
failure abstraction
failure entity
failure event
failure happening
failure abstraction
failure attribute
failure condition
failure entity
failure fortune
failure state
failure entity
failure object
failure organism
failure person
failure unfortunate
failure whole
failure abstraction
failure act
failure entity
failure event
failure mistake
failure abstraction
failure attribute
failure condition
failure disorder
failure entity
failure state
faint abstraction
faint change
faint entity
faint event
faint happening
faint change
fair abstraction
fair entity
fair gathering
fair group
fair abstraction
fair collection
fair entity
fair exhibition
fair group
fair connect
fair join
fairness abstraction
fairness attribute
fairness entity
fairness good
fairness justice
fairness morality
fairness quality
fairness righteousness
fairness virtue
fairness abstraction
fairness attitude
fairness cognition
fairness entity
fairness impartiality
fairness inclination
fairy abstraction
fairy belief
fairy cognition
fairy content
fairy entity
fairytale abstraction
fairytale communication
fairytale entity
fairytale message
fairytale narrative
fairytale abstraction
fairytale communication
fairytale entity
fairytale falsehood
fairytale fib
fairytale lie
fairytale message
fairytale statement
faith abstraction
faith belief
faith cognition
faith content
faith entity
faith abstraction
faith act
faith commitment
faith cooperation
faith entity
faith event
faithful abstraction
faithful entity
faithful following
faithful group
faithful multitude
fake artifact
fake copy
fake creation
fake entity
fake imitation
fake object
fake representation
fake whole
falcon animal
falcon bird
falcon entity
falcon hawk
falcon object
falcon organism
falcon vertebrate
falcon whole
falcon capture
falcon get
falcon hunt
fall abstraction
fall entity
fall measure
fall season
fall abstraction
fall act
fall activity
fall entity
fall event
fall sin
fall transgression
fall abstraction
fall change
fall entity
fall event
fall happening
fall transformation
fall weakening
fall abstraction
fall entity
fall event
fall happening
fall movement
fall abstraction
fall ending
fall entity
fall event
fall happening
fall success
fall victory
fall travel
fall change
fall be
fall fail
fall change
fall die
fall happen
fall yield
fall happen
fall act
fall fall
fall interact
fall relate
fall sin
fall change
fall leave
fall travel
fall be
fall fall
fall move
fall bend
fall change
fall lean
fall slope
fall change
fall issue
fall change
fall disappear
fall come
fall happen
fallacy abstraction
fallacy cognition
fallacy content
fallacy entity
fallacy idea
falsehood abstraction
falsehood communication
falsehood entity
falsehood message
falsehood statement
falsification abstraction
falsification act
falsification activity
falsification entity
falsification event
falsification abstraction
falsification act
falsification activity
falsification dishonesty
falsification entity
falsification event
falsification abstraction
falsification act
falsification determination
falsification discovery
falsification entity
falsification event
falter hesitate
falter move
fame abstraction
fame attribute
fame entity
fame honor
fame standing
fame state
fame status
fame abstraction
fame attribute
fame entity
fame honor
fame repute
fame standing
fame state
fame status
familiar entity
familiar object
familiar organism
familiar person
familiar servant
familiar whole
familiar worker
familiar abstraction
familiar belief
familiar cognition
familiar content
familiar entity
familiar spirit
familiarity abstraction
familiarity attribute
familiarity entity
familiarity quality
familiarity abstraction
familiarity attribute
familiarity disposition
familiarity entity
familiarity friendliness
familiarity nature
familiarity trait
familiarity abstraction
familiarity act
familiarity activity
familiarity entity
familiarity event
familiarization abstraction
familiarization cognition
familiarization content
familiarization education
familiarization entity
familiarization experience
familiarize act
familiarize communicate
familiarize inform
familiarize interact
family abstraction
family entity
family group
family organization
family unit
family abstraction
family entity
family group
family kin
family abstraction
family entity
family genealogy
family group
family kin
family lineage
family abstraction
family entity
family group
family abstraction
family association
family entity
family group
family organization
famine abstraction
famine calamity
famine entity
famine event
famine happening
famine misfortune
famine trouble
fan artifact
fan device
fan entity
fan instrumentality
fan object
fan whole
fan entity
fan follower
fan object
fan organism
fan person
fan whole
fan fail
fan change
fan increase
fan intensify
fan move
fan shake
fanatic advocate
fanatic enthusiast
fanatic entity
fanatic object
fanatic organism
fanatic person
fanatic supporter
fanatic whole
fancy ability
fancy abstraction
fancy cognition
fancy creativity
fancy entity
fancy imagination
fancy desire
fang abstraction
fang communication
fang entity
fang language
fang entity
fang extremity
fang part
fang thing
fang bone
fang canine
fang entity
fang part
fang thing
fang tissue
fang tooth
fang bone
fang entity
fang part
fang thing
fang tissue
fang tooth
fantasia abstraction
fantasia communication
fantasia entity
fantasia music
fantasy ability
fantasy abstraction
fantasy cognition
fantasy creativity
fantasy entity
fantasy imagination
fantasy abstraction
fantasy communication
fantasy entity
fantasy fiction
fantasy writing
fantasy imagine
fantasy make
farce abstraction
farce comedy
farce communication
farce drama
farce entity
farce change
farce fill
fare abstraction
fare charge
fare cost
fare entity
fare possession
fare relation
fare entity
fare object
fare organism
fare passenger
fare person
fare traveler
fare whole
fare entity
fare food
fare matter
fare substance
fare consume
fare eat
farewell abstraction
farewell communication
farewell entity
farewell message
farewell abstraction
farewell act
farewell departure
farewell entity
farewell event
farm entity
farm location
farm object
farm point
farm workplace
farm work
farm collect
farm take
farmer creator
farmer entity
farmer object
farmer organism
farmer person
farmer whole
farmhand employee
farmhand entity
farmhand laborer
farmhand object
farmhand organism
farmhand person
farmhand whole
farmhand worker
farmhand workman
farmhouse artifact
farmhouse building
farmhouse dwelling
farmhouse entity
farmhouse house
farmhouse housing
farmhouse object
farmhouse structure
farmhouse whole
farming abstraction
farming act
farming commerce
farming cultivation
farming entity
farming event
farming industry
farming production
farming transaction
farming abstraction
farming act
farming activity
farming entity
farming event
farming occupation
farmland country
farmland entity
farmland location
farmland object
farmland region
farmyard area
farmyard artifact
farmyard enclosure
farmyard entity
farmyard object
farmyard structure
farmyard whole
farmyard yard
fart entity
fart process
fart reaction
fart reflex
fart act
fascinate arouse
fascinate interest
fascinate make
fascination abstraction
fascination attribute
fascination condition
fascination enchantment
fascination entity
fascination state
fascination abstraction
fascination attraction
fascination attribute
fascination entity
fascination quality
fascism abstraction
fascism attitude
fascism cognition
fascism entity
fascism orientation
fascist adult
fascist conservative
fascist entity
fascist object
fascist organism
fascist person
fascist whole
fashion abstraction
fashion act
fashion activity
fashion entity
fashion event
fashion practice
fashion abstraction
fashion cognition
fashion discrimination
fashion entity
fashion process
fashion taste
fashion vogue
fashion artifact
fashion commodity
fashion entity
fashion object
fashion whole
fashion make
fast abstinence
fast abstraction
fast act
fast activity
fast control
fast entity
fast event
fast abstain
fasten attach
fasten connect
fasten attach
fasten connect
fasten join
fasten attach
fasten connect
fastener entity
fastener object
fastener organism
fastener person
fastener whole
fastener artifact
fastener device
fastener entity
fastener instrumentality
fastener object
fastener restraint
fastener whole
fastness abstraction
fastness attribute
fastness entity
fastness immobility
fastness immovability
fastness quality
fat abstraction
fat chemical
fat compound
fat entity
fat lipid
fat material
fat matter
fat molecule
fat part
fat relation
fat substance
fat thing
fat unit
fatality abstraction
fatality change
fatality death
fatality entity
fatality event
fatality happening
fatality abstraction
fatality attribute
fatality entity
fatality quality
father ancestor
father entity
father object
father organism
father parent
father person
father relative
father whole
father abstraction
father attribute
father clergyman
father entity
father leader
father name
father object
father organism
father part
father person
father priest
father relation
father state
father status
father title
father whole
father entity
father leader
father object
father organism
father person
father whole
fatherhood abstraction
fatherhood entity
fatherhood kinship
fatherhood relation
fatherhood abstraction
fatherhood act
fatherhood activity
fatherhood entity
fatherhood event
fatherhood occupation
fatherhood position
fatherhood abstraction
fatherhood act
fatherhood activity
fatherhood entity
fatherhood event
fatherhood occupation
fatherhood position
fatherland country
fatherland district
fatherland entity
fatherland location
fatherland object
fatherland region
fathom abstraction
fathom entity
fathom measure
fathom abstraction
fathom entity
fathom measure
fathom act
fathom carry
fathom communicate
fathom interact
fatigue abstraction
fatigue attribute
fatigue entity
fatigue state
fatigue abstraction
fatigue attribute
fatigue entity
fatigue imperfection
fatigue state
fatigue abstraction
fatigue attribute
fatigue boredom
fatigue desire
fatigue dissatisfaction
fatigue entity
fatigue feeling
fatigue longing
fatigue state
fatness abstraction
fatness attribute
fatness entity
fatness property
faucet artifact
faucet control
faucet device
faucet entity
faucet instrumentality
faucet mechanism
faucet object
faucet regulator
faucet whole
fault abstraction
fault attribute
fault crack
fault entity
fault location
fault object
fault opening
fault shape
fault space
fault abstraction
fault breakdown
fault entity
fault event
fault failure
fault happening
fault abstraction
fault attribute
fault entity
fault responsibility
fault trait
fault trustworthiness
fault abstraction
fault act
fault action
fault change
fault entity
fault event
fault maneuver
fault motion
fault serve
fault stroke
fauna abstraction
fauna collection
fauna entity
fauna group
favor abstraction
favor act
favor action
favor entity
favor event
favor kindness
favor abstraction
favor advantage
favor asset
favor attribute
favor entity
favor quality
favor abstraction
favor attitude
favor cognition
favor entity
favor inclination
favor abstraction
favor approval
favor attribute
favor entity
favor feeling
favor liking
favor state
favor evaluate
favor see
favor think
favor refrain
favor spare
favorite abstraction
favorite choice
favorite cognition
favorite entity
favorite process
fawn animal
fawn deer
fawn entity
fawn mammal
fawn object
fawn organism
fawn vertebrate
fawn whole
fawn young
fawn bend
fawn change
fawn evaluate
fawn flatter
fawn measure
fawn praise
fawn think
fawn make
fawn produce
fax act
fax communicate
fax interact
fear abstraction
fear attribute
fear emotion
fear entity
fear feeling
fear state
fear abstraction
fear attribute
fear emotion
fear entity
fear feeling
fear state
fear worry
fear act
fear communicate
fear inform
fear interact
fear regret
fearfulness abstraction
fearfulness attribute
fearfulness character
fearfulness cowardice
fearfulness entity
fearfulness spirit
fearfulness trait
fearlessness abstraction
fearlessness attribute
fearlessness entity
fearlessness feeling
fearlessness state
fearlessness abstraction
fearlessness attribute
fearlessness character
fearlessness courage
fearlessness entity
fearlessness spirit
fearlessness trait
feasibility abstraction
feasibility attribute
feasibility entity
feasibility practicability
feasibility quality
feasibility utility
feast abstraction
feast entity
feast event
feast happening
feast thing
feast consume
feast eat
feast act
feast entertain
feast host
feast interact
feast socialize
feat abstraction
feat accomplishment
feat act
feat action
feat entity
feat event
feather abstraction
feather covering
feather entity
feather material
feather matter
feather object
feather part
feather relation
feather substance
feather whole
feather abstraction
feather act
feather action
feather change
feather entity
feather event
feather motion
feather rotation
feather connect
feather join
feather cover
feather boat
feather paddle
feather ride
feather travel
feather boat
feather ride
feather row
feather travel
featherweight boxer
featherweight combatant
featherweight entity
featherweight object
featherweight organism
featherweight person
featherweight whole
featherweight combatant
featherweight entity
featherweight object
featherweight organism
featherweight person
featherweight whole
featherweight wrestler
featherweight boxer
featherweight combatant
featherweight entity
featherweight object
featherweight organism
featherweight person
featherweight whole
feature abstraction
feature cognition
feature concept
feature content
feature entity
feature idea
feature property
feature entity
feature part
feature thing
feature abstraction
feature artifact
feature creation
feature entity
feature event
feature movie
feature object
feature product
feature show
feature whole
feature abstraction
feature article
feature artifact
feature communication
feature creation
feature entity
feature nonfiction
feature object
feature piece
feature whole
feature artifact
feature commodity
feature entity
feature merchandise
feature object
feature whole
federal entity
federal inhabitant
federal object
federal organism
federal person
federal whole
federal agent
federal entity
federal object
federal official
federal organism
federal person
federal whole
federal worker
federalism abstraction
federalism attitude
federalism cognition
federalism entity
federalism orientation
federate change
federate integrate
federate unify
federate join
federate unite
federation abstraction
federation entity
federation group
federation organization
federation abstraction
federation act
federation action
federation beginning
federation change
federation constitution
federation entity
federation event
fedora artifact
fedora clothing
fedora commodity
fedora covering
fedora entity
fedora hat
fedora headdress
fedora object
fedora whole
fee abstraction
fee charge
fee cost
fee entity
fee possession
fee relation
fee abstraction
fee assets
fee entity
fee interest
fee possession
fee relation
fee share
feed entity
feed food
feed matter
feed substance
feed give
feed provide
feed transfer
feed give
feed provide
feed transfer
feed give
feed supply
feed transfer
feed insert
feed move
feed put
feed promote
feed support
feed consume
feed give
feed provide
feed transfer
feed give
feed provide
feed transfer
feedback entity
feedback process
feedback abstraction
feedback answer
feedback communication
feedback entity
feedback message
feedback statement
feeder animal
feeder entity
feeder object
feeder organism
feeder whole
feeder branch
feeder entity
feeder stream
feeder thing
feeder animal
feeder entity
feeder object
feeder organism
feeder whole
feeding abstraction
feeding act
feeding activity
feeding entity
feeding event
feeding provision
feel abstraction
feel awareness
feel cognition
feel entity
feel knowing
feel process
feel entity
feel foreplay
feel process
feel perceive
feel be
feel evaluate
feel think
feel change
feel experience
feel undergo
feel be
feel look
feel search
feel find
feel get
feel be
feel look
feel touch
feeling abstraction
feeling attribute
feeling entity
feeling state
feeling abstraction
feeling cognition
feeling entity
feeling perception
feeling process
feeling abstraction
feeling cognition
feeling entity
feeling intuition
feeling process
felicity abstraction
felicity appropriateness
felicity attribute
felicity entity
felicity quality
felicity suitability
feline animal
feline carnivore
feline entity
feline mammal
feline object
feline organism
feline vertebrate
feline whole
fell artifact
fell connection
fell entity
fell instrumentality
fell joint
fell junction
fell object
fell seam
fell whole
fell abstraction
fell act
fell action
fell change
fell entity
fell event
fell killing
fell termination
fell cut
fell move
fell separate
fell attach
fell connect
fell fasten
fell sew
fellow associate
fellow entity
fellow member
fellow object
fellow organism
fellow peer
fellow person
fellow whole
fellow adult
fellow entity
fellow male
fellow man
fellow object
fellow organism
fellow person
fellow whole
fellowship abstraction
fellowship acquisition
fellowship aid
fellowship entity
fellowship gift
fellowship possession
fellowship prize
fellowship relation
felon abstraction
felon attribute
felon condition
felon entity
felon infection
felon state
felony abstraction
felony act
felony activity
felony crime
felony entity
felony event
felony transgression
felt artifact
felt entity
felt fabric
felt object
felt whole
felt change
felt entangle
felt twist
felt cover
felt change
female animal
female entity
female object
female organism
female whole
female entity
female object
female organism
female person
female whole
feminine abstraction
feminine class
feminine collection
feminine entity
feminine gender
feminine group
femininity abstraction
femininity attribute
femininity entity
femininity trait
feminism abstraction
feminism belief
feminism cognition
feminism content
feminism doctrine
feminism entity
feminist entity
feminist object
feminist organism
feminist person
feminist reformer
feminist whole
femur bone
femur entity
femur part
femur thing
femur tissue
fence artifact
fence barrier
fence entity
fence object
fence obstruction
fence structure
fence whole
fence businessperson
fence capitalist
fence entity
fence merchant
fence object
fence organism
fence person
fence trader
fence whole
fence enclose
fence surround
fence touch
fence get
fence receive
fence contend
fencing abstraction
fencing act
fencing action
fencing conflict
fencing entity
fencing event
fencing fight
fencing play
fender artifact
fender barrier
fender entity
fender object
fender obstruction
fender structure
fender whole
fender artifact
fender entity
fender framework
fender object
fender structure
fender whole
fender artifact
fender device
fender entity
fender guard
fender instrumentality
fender object
fender whole
ferment entity
ferment matter
ferment substance
ferment be
ferment seethe
ferment arouse
ferment inflame
ferment make
ferment change
ferment convert
fern entity
fern object
fern organism
fern plant
fern whole
ferociousness abstraction
ferociousness attribute
ferociousness cruelty
ferociousness entity
ferociousness evil
ferociousness immorality
ferociousness quality
ferocity abstraction
ferocity attribute
ferocity degree
ferocity entity
ferocity intensity
ferocity property
ferret animal
ferret carnivore
ferret entity
ferret mammal
ferret object
ferret organism
ferret vertebrate
ferret whole
ferret chase
ferret hound
ferret pursue
ferret travel
ferret capture
ferret get
ferret hunt
ferry artifact
ferry boat
ferry conveyance
ferry craft
ferry entity
ferry instrumentality
ferry object
ferry vehicle
ferry vessel
ferry whole
ferry abstraction
ferry act
ferry commerce
ferry entity
ferry event
ferry transaction
ferry transportation
ferry bring
ferry move
ferry transport
ferry move
ferry transport
ferry travel
fertility abstraction
fertility attribute
fertility condition
fertility entity
fertility state
fertilization abstraction
fertilization beginning
fertilization creation
fertilization entity
fertilization event
fertilization happening
fertilization abstraction
fertilization act
fertilization action
fertilization change
fertilization enrichment
fertilization entity
fertilization event
fertilization improvement
fertilize better
fertilize change
fertilize enrich
fertilize change
fertilizer abstraction
fertilizer chemical
fertilizer entity
fertilizer material
fertilizer matter
fertilizer part
fertilizer relation
fertilizer substance
festival abstraction
festival entity
festival measure
festival abstraction
festival act
festival activity
festival celebration
festival diversion
festival entity
festival event
fetch abstraction
fetch act
fetch action
fetch entity
fetch event
fetch bring
fetch move
fetch transport
fetish abstraction
fetish attribute
fetish desire
fetish entity
fetish feeling
fetish state
fetish abstraction
fetish act
fetish commitment
fetish cooperation
fetish devotion
fetish entity
fetish event
fettuccine entity
fettuccine food
fettuccine matter
fettuccine pasta
fettuccine solid
fetus animal
fetus entity
fetus object
fetus organism
fetus vertebrate
fetus whole
feud abstraction
feud act
feud conflict
feud entity
feud event
feud contend
feudalism abstraction
feudalism entity
feudalism group
feudalism system
fever abstraction
fever cognition
fever entity
fever evidence
fever information
fever symptom
fever abstraction
fever anticipation
fever attribute
fever entity
fever expectation
fever feeling
fever state
few abstraction
few class
few elite
few entity
few group
few people
fib abstraction
fib communication
fib entity
fib falsehood
fib lie
fib message
fib statement
fib act
fib communicate
fib inform
fib interact
fib lie
fiber abstraction
fiber entity
fiber material
fiber matter
fiber part
fiber relation
fiber substance
fiber cell
fiber entity
fiber object
fiber whole
fiber artifact
fiber entity
fiber fabric
fiber object
fiber whole
fiction abstraction
fiction communication
fiction entity
fiction writing
fiddle avoid
fiddle steal
fiddle take
fiddle play
fiddle sound
fiddle make
fiddle play
fidelity abstraction
fidelity accuracy
fidelity attribute
fidelity entity
fidelity quality
fidelity abstraction
fidelity attribute
fidelity entity
fidelity quality
field entity
field location
field object
field region
field tract
field entity
field location
field object
field region
field entity
field phenomenon
field process
field abstraction
field act
field commerce
field entity
field event
field transaction
field abstraction
field entity
field set
field entity
field location
field object
field region
field abstraction
field collection
field entity
field group
field set
field abstraction
field collection
field entity
field group
field set
field entity
field location
field object
field region
field abstraction
field collection
field entity
field group
field set
field abstraction
field cognition
field content
field entity
field representation
field handle
field touch
field compete
field play
field answer
field express
field state
field choose
field decide
fielder athlete
fielder contestant
fielder entity
fielder object
fielder organism
fielder person
fielder player
fielder whole
fielder athlete
fielder contestant
fielder entity
fielder object
fielder organism
fielder person
fielder whole
fifteen abstraction
fifteen entity
fifteen integer
fifteen measure
fifteen number
fifteenth abstraction
fifteenth attribute
fifteenth entity
fifteenth rank
fifteenth state
fifteenth status
fifth abstraction
fifth entity
fifth measure
fifth abstraction
fifth attribute
fifth entity
fifth rank
fifth state
fifth status
fifth abstraction
fifth communication
fifth entity
fifth interval
fifth notation
fifth writing
fifty abstraction
fifty entity
fifty integer
fifty measure
fifty number
fig entity
fig object
fig organism
fig plant
fig tree
fig whole
fig entity
fig food
fig fruit
fig matter
fig object
fig produce
fig solid
fig whole
fight abstraction
fight act
fight conflict
fight entity
fight event
fight abstraction
fight act
fight controversy
fight disagreement
fight dispute
fight entity
fight event
fight abstraction
fight act
fight activity
fight boxing
fight diversion
fight entity
fight event
fight sport
fight contend
fight act
fight try
fighter aircraft
fighter airplane
fighter artifact
fighter conveyance
fighter craft
fighter entity
fighter instrumentality
fighter object
fighter vehicle
fighter whole
figment abstraction
figment cognition
figment content
figment entity
figment idea
figure abstraction
figure artwork
figure communication
figure entity
figure illustration
figure artifact
figure creation
figure entity
figure model
figure object
figure representation
figure whole
figure abstraction
figure attribute
figure entity
figure shape
figure abstraction
figure assets
figure entity
figure possession
figure relation
figure sum
figure abstraction
figure appearance
figure attribute
figure entity
figure impression
figure quality
figure abstraction
figure cognition
figure content
figure entity
figure representation
figure abstraction
figure act
figure action
figure change
figure entity
figure event
figure maneuver
figure motion
figure be
figure understand
figurehead artifact
figurehead creation
figurehead entity
figurehead figure
figurehead model
figurehead object
figurehead representation
figurehead whole
figurine artifact
figurine creation
figurine entity
figurine figure
figurine model
figurine object
figurine representation
figurine whole
filament entity
filament object
filament stalk
filament whole
filament entity
filament part
filament structure
filament thing
filament artifact
filament conductor
filament device
filament entity
filament instrumentality
filament object
filament whole
filament wire
file abstraction
file communication
file entity
file evidence
file indication
file record
file abstraction
file arrangement
file entity
file formation
file group
file line
file artifact
file entity
file furnishing
file furniture
file instrumentality
file object
file whole
file artifact
file entity
file implement
file instrumentality
file object
file tool
file whole
file have
file keep
file record
file register
file save
file change
file smooth
file march
file travel
file walk
file have
file keep
file record
file save
filename abstraction
filename entity
filename name
filename part
filename relation
filibuster entity
filibuster leader
filibuster legislator
filibuster object
filibuster organism
filibuster person
filibuster politician
filibuster whole
filibuster abstraction
filibuster act
filibuster delay
filibuster entity
filibuster event
filibuster inactivity
filibuster obstruct
filibuster prevent
filing abstraction
filing communication
filing entity
filing message
filing submission
filing entity
filing fragment
filing part
filing thing
filing abstraction
filing act
filing activity
filing creation
filing entity
filing event
filing fabrication
filing formation
filing abstraction
filing act
filing activity
filing control
filing entity
filing event
filing possession
filing retention
filing storage
fill abstraction
fill enough
fill entity
fill measure
fill change
fill work
fill hire
fill better
fill change
fill repair
filler abstraction
filler entity
filler material
filler matter
filler part
filler relation
filler substance
filler abstraction
filler entity
filler measure
filler abstraction
filler communication
filler copy
filler entity
filler matter
filler text
filler writing
filler abstraction
filler agent
filler drug
filler entity
filler material
filler matter
filler part
filler relation
filler substance
filler tobacco
fillet cut
fillet entity
fillet food
fillet matter
fillet meat
fillet solid
fillet steak
fillet abstraction
fillet entity
fillet helping
fillet measure
fillet piece
fillet artifact
fillet device
fillet entity
fillet fastener
fillet instrumentality
fillet object
fillet restraint
fillet whole
fillet change
fillet decorate
fillet carve
fillet cut
fillet move
fillet separate
filling abstraction
filling entity
filling material
filling matter
filling part
filling relation
filling substance
filling entity
filling flow
filling process
filling concoction
filling entity
filling food
filling foodstuff
filling matter
filling substance
filling artifact
filling device
filling entity
filling instrumentality
filling object
filling whole
filling abstraction
filling act
filling action
filling change
filling entity
filling event
film artifact
film entity
film instrumentality
film medium
film object
film whole
film artifact
film entity
film equipment
film instrumentality
film object
film whole
film entity
film object
film artifact
film covering
film entity
film object
film sheet
film whole
film have
film keep
film record
film save
film have
film keep
film make
film record
film save
filter artifact
filter device
filter entity
filter instrumentality
filter object
filter whole
filter artifact
filter device
filter entity
filter instrumentality
filter object
filter whole
filter change
filter separate
filth abstraction
filth entity
filth material
filth matter
filth part
filth relation
filth substance
filth waste
filth abstraction
filth attribute
filth condition
filth entity
filth state
filthiness abstraction
filthiness attribute
filthiness entity
filthiness evil
filthiness immorality
filthiness quality
filtrate abstraction
filtrate chemical
filtrate entity
filtrate fluid
filtrate material
filtrate matter
filtrate part
filtrate product
filtrate relation
filtrate substance
filtration entity
filtration process
filtration abstraction
filtration act
filtration action
filtration change
filtration entity
filtration event
fin artifact
fin device
fin entity
fin instrumentality
fin object
fin stabilizer
fin whole
fin entity
fin extremity
fin part
fin thing
fin equip
fin give
fin supply
fin transfer
fin swim
fin travel
fin swim
fin travel
final abstraction
final contest
final entity
final event
final match
finale abstraction
finale communication
finale conclusion
finale entity
finale music
finale section
finale writing
finale abstraction
finale act
finale action
finale change
finale completion
finale entity
finale event
finale finish
finale termination
finalist contestant
finalist entity
finalist object
finalist organism
finalist person
finalist rival
finalist whole
finality abstraction
finality attribute
finality certainty
finality entity
finality predictability
finality quality
finalization abstraction
finalization act
finalization action
finalization change
finalization completion
finalization entity
finalization event
finalization termination
finalize change
finalize end
finance abstraction
finance act
finance commerce
finance entity
finance event
finance transaction
finance abstraction
finance cognition
finance content
finance discipline
finance economics
finance entity
finance science
finance abstraction
finance act
finance entity
finance event
finance management
finance give
finance pay
finance transfer
finance account
finance credit
financier capitalist
financier entity
financier object
financier organism
financier person
financier whole
financier control
financier direct
financier manage
financier operate
finch animal
finch bird
finch entity
finch object
finch organism
finch vertebrate
finch whole
find get
find reason
find think
find get
find perceive
find reach
finder entity
finder object
finder organism
finder person
finder seeker
finder whole
finder entity
finder object
finder organism
finder person
finder whole
finder artifact
finder device
finder entity
finder instrumentality
finder object
finder whole
finding abstraction
finding act
finding entity
finding event
finding judgment
finding entity
finding object
fine abstraction
fine cost
fine entity
fine payment
fine penalty
fine possession
fine relation
fineness abstraction
fineness attribute
fineness degree
fineness entity
fineness property
fineness quality
fineness superiority
fineness abstraction
fineness attribute
fineness dimension
fineness entity
fineness magnitude
fineness narrowness
fineness property
fineness width
fineness abstraction
fineness attribute
fineness entity
fineness property
fineness smoothness
fineness texture
finery artifact
finery attire
finery clothing
finery commodity
finery covering
finery entity
finery object
finery whole
finger digit
finger entity
finger extremity
finger part
finger thing
finger abstraction
finger entity
finger measure
finger artifact
finger covering
finger entity
finger object
finger whole
finger touch
finger search
finger act
finger communicate
finger indicate
finger inform
finger interact
fingernail entity
fingernail nail
fingernail part
fingernail structure
fingernail thing
fingerprint abstraction
fingerprint communication
fingerprint entity
fingerprint evidence
fingerprint identification
fingerprint indication
fingerprint mark
fingerprint abstraction
fingerprint communication
fingerprint entity
fingerprint evidence
fingerprint identification
fingerprint indication
fingerprint produce
fingerprint reproduce
fingertip end
fingertip entity
fingertip extremity
fingertip location
fingertip object
fingertip region
fingertip tip
finish end
finish entity
finish extremity
finish location
finish object
finish region
finish abstraction
finish entity
finish event
finish happening
finish abstraction
finish downfall
finish entity
finish event
finish failure
finish happening
finish abstraction
finish cognition
finish entity
finish perception
finish process
finish sensation
finish taste
finish abstraction
finish act
finish action
finish change
finish completion
finish entity
finish event
finish termination
finish coat
finish cover
finish change
finish end
fir abstraction
fir entity
fir material
fir matter
fir part
fir relation
fir substance
fir wood
fir conifer
fir entity
fir object
fir organism
fir plant
fir tree
fir whole
fire abstraction
fire entity
fire event
fire happening
fire abstraction
fire act
fire activity
fire attack
fire entity
fire event
fire operation
fire combustion
fire entity
fire oxidation
fire process
fire area
fire artifact
fire enclosure
fire entity
fire fireplace
fire object
fire recess
fire structure
fire whole
fire abstraction
fire element
fire entity
fire matter
fire part
fire relation
fire substance
fire entity
fire fuel
fire matter
fire substance
fire abstraction
fire affliction
fire entity
fire event
fire happening
fire trial
fire trouble
fire abstraction
fire communication
fire criticism
fire disapproval
fire entity
fire message
fire bake
fire change
fire cook
fire move
fireball abstraction
fireball attribute
fireball ball
fireball entity
fireball shape
fireball sphere
fireball abstraction
fireball attribute
fireball ball
fireball entity
fireball shape
fireball sphere
firebox area
firebox artifact
firebox chamber
firebox enclosure
firebox entity
firebox furnace
firebox object
firebox structure
firebox whole
firecracker abstraction
firecracker chemical
firecracker entity
firecracker explosive
firecracker firework
firecracker material
firecracker matter
firecracker part
firecracker relation
firecracker substance
firefly animal
firefly beetle
firefly entity
firefly insect
firefly invertebrate
firefly object
firefly organism
firefly whole
firefly animal
firefly beetle
firefly entity
firefly insect
firefly invertebrate
firefly object
firefly organism
firefly whole
fireplace area
fireplace artifact
fireplace enclosure
fireplace entity
fireplace object
fireplace recess
fireplace structure
fireplace whole
firewall abstraction
firewall act
firewall drive
firewall entity
firewall event
firewall propulsion
firewall artifact
firewall entity
firewall instrumentality
firewall object
firewall system
firewall whole
firewall artifact
firewall entity
firewall object
firewall partition
firewall structure
firewall wall
firewall whole
firewood entity
firewood fuel
firewood matter
firewood substance
firework abstraction
firework chemical
firework entity
firework explosive
firework material
firework matter
firework part
firework relation
firework substance
firm abstraction
firm business
firm enterprise
firm entity
firm group
firm organization
firmness abstraction
firmness attribute
firmness entity
firmness property
firmness strength
firmness abstraction
firmness attribute
firmness consistency
firmness entity
firmness hardness
firmness property
first abstraction
first attribute
first entity
first rank
first state
first status
first abstraction
first entity
first measure
first number
first abstraction
first award
first communication
first entity
first signal
first symbol
firstborn entity
firstborn object
firstborn offspring
firstborn organism
firstborn person
firstborn relative
firstborn whole
fish animal
fish entity
fish object
fish organism
fish vertebrate
fish whole
fish entity
fish food
fish matter
fish solid
fish search
fish catch
fish seize
fish take
fisher animal
fisher carnivore
fisher entity
fisher mammal
fisher object
fisher organism
fisher vertebrate
fisher whole
fisherman entity
fisherman object
fisherman organism
fisherman person
fisherman whole
fisherman worker
fishery entity
fishery location
fishery object
fishery point
fishery workplace
fishhook artifact
fishhook entity
fishhook hook
fishhook implement
fishhook instrumentality
fishhook object
fishhook whole
fishing abstraction
fishing act
fishing activity
fishing diversion
fishing entity
fishing event
fishing sport
fishing abstraction
fishing act
fishing commerce
fishing entity
fishing event
fishing transaction
fishnet artifact
fishnet device
fishnet entity
fishnet instrumentality
fishnet net
fishnet object
fishnet trap
fishnet whole
fishpond entity
fishpond lake
fishpond pond
fishpond thing
fissure entity
fissure groove
fissure part
fissure thing
fissure change
fissure crack
fist entity
fist extremity
fist hand
fist part
fist thing
fit abstraction
fit anger
fit attribute
fit emotion
fit entity
fit feeling
fit state
fit abstraction
fit attribute
fit entity
fit manner
fit property
fit be
fit fit
fit change
fit shape
fit adapt
fit change
fit be
fitness abstraction
fitness attribute
fitness entity
fitness quality
fitness suitability
fitness abstraction
fitness attribute
fitness condition
fitness entity
fitness state
fitness ability
fitness abstraction
fitness attribute
fitness competence
fitness entity
fitness quality
fitting accessory
fitting component
fitting entity
fitting object
fitting part
fitting abstraction
fitting act
fitting activity
fitting attempt
fitting entity
fitting event
fitting test
five abstraction
five digit
five entity
five integer
five measure
five number
fix abstraction
fix attribute
fix condition
fix difficulty
fix entity
fix state
fix abstraction
fix act
fix activity
fix care
fix entity
fix event
fix injection
fix treatment
fix work
fix abstraction
fix act
fix action
fix change
fix entity
fix event
fix exemption
fix release
fix relinquishment
fix termination
fix cause
fix establish
fix initiate
fix make
fix change
fix fix
fix affect
fix change
fix influence
fix change
fixation abstraction
fixation act
fixation action
fixation change
fixation entity
fixation event
fixation joining
fixation entity
fixation preservation
fixation process
fixedness abstraction
fixedness attribute
fixedness entity
fixedness quality
fixture artifact
fixture entity
fixture object
fixture whole
fizz abstraction
fizz beverage
fizz entity
fizz fluid
fizz food
fizz liquid
fizz matter
fizz part
fizz relation
fizz substance
fjord entity
fjord inlet
fjord thing
flag artifact
flag decoration
flag design
flag emblem
flag entity
flag object
flag whole
flag abstraction
flag communication
flag entity
flag signal
flag artifact
flag entity
flag object
flag stone
flag whole
flag entity
flag part
flag process
flag tail
flag thing
flag act
flag communicate
flag interact
flag sign
flag change
flag mark
flag change
flag decorate
flagpole artifact
flagpole entity
flagpole implement
flagpole instrumentality
flagpole object
flagpole staff
flagpole stick
flagpole whole
flagship artifact
flagship entity
flagship object
flagship thing
flagship whole
flagship artifact
flagship conveyance
flagship craft
flagship entity
flagship instrumentality
flagship object
flagship ship
flagship vehicle
flagship vessel
flagship whole
flair ability
flair abstraction
flair aptitude
flair cognition
flair endowment
flair entity
flamboyance abstraction
flamboyance appearance
flamboyance attribute
flamboyance entity
flamboyance quality
flame burn
flame change
flame comment
flame express
flame knock
flame note
flame state
flamingo animal
flamingo bird
flamingo entity
flamingo object
flamingo organism
flamingo vertebrate
flamingo whole
flank abstraction
flank arrangement
flank entity
flank formation
flank group
flank abstraction
flank attribute
flank entity
flank figure
flank shape
flank cut
flank entity
flank food
flank matter
flank meat
flank solid
flank entity
flank part
flank thing
flank be
flank lie
flap artifact
flap covering
flap entity
flap object
flap whole
flap abstraction
flap entity
flap event
flap happening
flap movement
flap wave
flap entity
flap part
flap thing
flap tissue
flap artifact
flap device
flap entity
flap instrumentality
flap object
flap whole
flap beat
flap move
flap pronounce
flare abstraction
flare attribute
flare entity
flare shape
flare combustion
flare entity
flare fire
flare oxidation
flare process
flare abstraction
flare communication
flare entity
flare signal
flare abstraction
flare attribute
flare condition
flare disease
flare entity
flare illness
flare state
flare abstraction
flare affliction
flare attack
flare entity
flare event
flare happening
flare trouble
flare entity
flare phenomenon
flare process
flare reflection
flare abstraction
flare communication
flare demonstration
flare entity
flare expression
flare artifact
flare device
flare entity
flare instrumentality
flare object
flare whole
flare abstraction
flare act
flare entity
flare event
flare fly
flare hit
flare touch
flare burn
flare change
flare shine
flash abstraction
flash entity
flash event
flash happening
flash abstraction
flash attribute
flash brightness
flash entity
flash light
flash property
flash abstraction
flash entity
flash event
flash experience
flash happening
flash abstraction
flash cognition
flash entity
flash insight
flash knowing
flash process
flash understanding
flash artifact
flash entity
flash fabric
flash object
flash part
flash patch
flash piece
flash whole
flash artifact
flash device
flash entity
flash equipment
flash instrumentality
flash lamp
flash object
flash whole
flash radiate
flash appear
flash act
flash communicate
flash convey
flash impart
flash inform
flash interact
flash tell
flash show
flash cover
flash appear
flashback abstraction
flashback communication
flashback entity
flashback music
flashback passage
flashback section
flashback transition
flashback writing
flashback abstraction
flashback entity
flashback event
flashback happening
flashback recurrence
flashback repeat
flasher artifact
flasher device
flasher entity
flasher instrumentality
flasher object
flasher whole
flashing artifact
flashing entity
flashing object
flashing sheet
flashing whole
flashlight artifact
flashlight device
flashlight entity
flashlight instrumentality
flashlight lamp
flashlight object
flashlight whole
flask artifact
flask bottle
flask container
flask entity
flask instrumentality
flask object
flask vessel
flask whole
flask abstraction
flask entity
flask measure
flat entity
flat land
flat object
flat plain
flat artifact
flat box
flat container
flat entity
flat instrumentality
flat object
flat whole
flat abstraction
flat communication
flat entity
flat notation
flat writing
flat artifact
flat band
flat entity
flat hoop
flat object
flat strip
flat tire
flat whole
flat artifact
flat creation
flat entity
flat object
flat representation
flat scenery
flat whole
flatbed artifact
flatbed entity
flatbed floor
flatbed object
flatbed surface
flatbed whole
flatness abstraction
flatness communication
flatness entity
flatness abstraction
flatness cognition
flatness entity
flatness perception
flatness process
flatness sensation
flatness taste
flatness abstraction
flatness attribute
flatness dullness
flatness entity
flatness property
flatten change
flatten shape
flatten change
flatter evaluate
flatter measure
flatter praise
flatter think
flatterer entity
flatterer follower
flatterer object
flatterer organism
flatterer person
flatterer whole
flatulence abstraction
flatulence attribute
flatulence condition
flatulence entity
flatulence state
flatworm animal
flatworm entity
flatworm invertebrate
flatworm object
flatworm organism
flatworm whole
flatworm worm
flaunt abstraction
flaunt communication
flaunt display
flaunt entity
flaunt expose
flaunt show
flavor abstraction
flavor category
flavor cognition
flavor concept
flavor content
flavor entity
flavor idea
flavor kind
flaw abstraction
flaw attribute
flaw entity
flaw imperfection
flaw state
flaw abstraction
flaw attribute
flaw entity
flaw imperfection
flaw state
flaw change
flaw damage
flea animal
flea entity
flea insect
flea invertebrate
flea object
flea organism
flea parasite
flea whole
flee leave
flee scat
fleece abstraction
fleece entity
fleece fiber
fleece material
fleece matter
fleece part
fleece relation
fleece substance
fleece wool
fleece artifact
fleece entity
fleece fabric
fleece object
fleece whole
fleece change
fleece cut
fleece shave
fleece shorten
fleet abstraction
fleet collection
fleet entity
fleet group
fleet abstraction
fleet collection
fleet entity
fleet group
fleet abstraction
fleet business
fleet carrier
fleet enterprise
fleet entity
fleet group
fleet line
fleet organization
fleet abstraction
fleet collection
fleet entity
fleet group
flesh entity
flesh part
flesh thing
flesh tissue
fleshiness abstraction
fleshiness attribute
fleshiness entity
fleshiness fatness
fleshiness property
flex abstraction
flex act
flex action
flex bending
flex change
flex entity
flex event
flex change
flex decrease
flex shrink
flex expose
flex flaunt
flex show
flex move
flex change
flexibility abstraction
flexibility attribute
flexibility entity
flexibility property
flexibility ability
flexibility abstraction
flexibility adaptability
flexibility attribute
flexibility entity
flexibility quality
flick abstraction
flick contact
flick entity
flick event
flick happening
flick abstraction
flick communication
flick entity
flick indication
flick mark
flick stroke
flick examine
flick move
flick brush
flick touch
flick remove
flicker abstraction
flicker entity
flicker event
flicker flash
flicker happening
flicker animal
flicker bird
flicker entity
flicker object
flicker organism
flicker vertebrate
flicker whole
flicker woodpecker
flicker move
flicker shine
flicker flash
flicker radiate
flier entity
flier object
flier organism
flier person
flier traveler
flier whole
flight abstraction
flight arrangement
flight entity
flight formation
flight group
flight abstraction
flight act
flight action
flight change
flight entity
flight event
flight motion
flight travel
flight artifact
flight entity
flight object
flight stairway
flight way
flight whole
flight abstraction
flight entity
flight group
flight organization
flight unit
flight ability
flight abstraction
flight cognition
flight creativity
flight entity
flight abstraction
flight entity
flight flock
flight group
flight abstraction
flight act
flight action
flight change
flight entity
flight event
flight journey
flight motion
flight travel
flight trip
flight kill
flight shoot
flight fly
flight travel
flightiness abstraction
flightiness attribute
flightiness entity
flightiness trait
flimsiness abstraction
flimsiness attribute
flimsiness entity
flimsiness property
flimsiness weakness
fling abstraction
fling act
fling entity
fling event
fling propulsion
fling throw
fling move
fling throw
fling move
flint abstraction
flint chemical
flint compound
flint entity
flint material
flint matter
flint oxide
flint part
flint relation
flint silica
flint substance
flip abstraction
flip agent
flip alcohol
flip beverage
flip drug
flip entity
flip fluid
flip food
flip liquid
flip matter
flip part
flip relation
flip substance
flip abstraction
flip act
flip entity
flip event
flip propulsion
flip throw
flip abstraction
flip act
flip activity
flip diversion
flip entity
flip event
flip gambling
flip throw
flip transgression
flip vice
flip abstraction
flip act
flip activity
flip dive
flip diversion
flip entity
flip event
flip sport
flip swimming
flip move
flip turn
flip move
flip throw
flip fling
flip move
flip throw
flip move
flip turn
flip act
flip react
flip change
flipper artifact
flipper covering
flipper entity
flipper footwear
flipper object
flipper shoe
flipper whole
flipper entity
flipper extremity
flipper limb
flipper part
flipper thing
flirt abstraction
flirt act
flirt activity
flirt diversion
flirt entity
flirt event
flirt play
float abstraction
float entity
float measure
float abstraction
float assets
float capital
float entity
float possession
float relation
float stock
float artifact
float creation
float display
float entity
float object
float representation
float whole
float artifact
float entity
float implement
float instrumentality
float object
float tool
float whole
float artifact
float entity
float object
float whole
float travel
float move
float transport
float evaluate
float test
float think
float travel
float launch
float move
float change
float smooth
float determine
float value
float change
float convert
floater abstraction
floater communication
floater document
floater entity
floater employee
floater entity
floater object
floater organism
floater person
floater whole
floater worker
floater citizen
floater entity
floater national
floater object
floater organism
floater person
floater voter
floater whole
floater entity
floater object
floater organism
floater person
floater swimmer
floater traveler
floater whole
floater entity
floater object
floater abstraction
floater agreement
floater communication
floater contract
floater document
floater entity
floater message
floater policy
floater statement
floater writing
floating abstraction
floating act
floating activity
floating diversion
floating entity
floating event
floating sport
floating swimming
flock abstraction
flock congregation
flock entity
flock group
flock abstraction
flock entity
flock group
flock abstraction
flock entity
flock group
flock travel
flood entity
flood phenomenon
flood process
flood abstraction
flood batch
flood entity
flood measure
flood artifact
flood device
flood entity
flood instrumentality
flood light
flood object
flood whole
flood abstraction
flood act
flood action
flood change
flood entity
flood event
flood flow
flood motion
flood abstraction
flood act
flood action
flood change
flood entity
flood event
flood filling
flood cover
flood touch
flood give
flood supply
flood transfer
flood change
flood fill
floodlight change
floodlight lighten
floodlight light
floor artifact
floor entity
floor object
floor surface
floor whole
floor artifact
floor entity
floor object
floor structure
floor whole
floor abstraction
floor argumentation
floor cognition
floor control
floor entity
floor policy
floor process
floor reasoning
floor thinking
floor entity
floor land
floor object
floor entity
floor layer
floor location
floor object
floor region
floor surface
floor entity
floor layer
floor location
floor object
floor region
floor surface
floor abstraction
floor entity
floor gathering
floor group
floor abstraction
floor cognition
floor concept
floor content
floor entity
floor idea
floor right
floor area
floor artifact
floor entity
floor hall
floor object
floor room
floor structure
floor whole
floor area
floor artifact
floor entity
floor object
floor room
floor structure
floor whole
flop entity
flop failure
flop object
flop organism
flop person
flop unfortunate
flop whole
flop abstraction
flop entity
flop event
flop failure
flop happening
flop abstraction
flop act
flop action
flop change
flop descent
flop entity
flop event
flop motion
flop change
flop collapse
flop descend
flop travel
florist businessperson
florist capitalist
florist entity
florist merchant
florist object
florist organism
florist person
florist whole
florist artifact
florist entity
florist establishment
florist object
florist shop
florist structure
florist whole
flotation entity
flotation phenomenon
flotation process
flotation abstraction
flotation act
flotation commerce
flotation entity
flotation event
flotation finance
flotation transaction
flounder entity
flounder food
flounder matter
flounder seafood
flounder solid
flounder animal
flounder entity
flounder fish
flounder object
flounder organism
flounder vertebrate
flounder whole
flounder act
flounder fight
flounder try
flour entity
flour food
flour foodstuff
flour matter
flour substance
flour coat
flour cover
flour change
flour convert
flourish abstraction
flourish communication
flourish entity
flourish gesture
flourish artifact
flourish decoration
flourish embellishment
flourish entity
flourish object
flourish whole
flourish abstraction
flourish communication
flourish entity
flourish grandiosity
flourish abstraction
flourish communication
flourish entity
flourish gesture
flourish wave
flourish abstraction
flourish communication
flourish entity
flourish music
flourish tune
flow abstraction
flow entity
flow event
flow happening
flow movement
flow abstraction
flow entity
flow rate
flow relation
flow abstraction
flow act
flow action
flow change
flow entity
flow event
flow motion
flow entity
flow process
flow move
flow exist
flow cover
flow flood
flow touch
flower entity
flower object
flower organism
flower plant
flower whole
flower entity
flower object
flower whole
flower abstraction
flower entity
flower measure
fluctuate move
fluctuate change
fluctuate swing
fluctuate change
fluctuation abstraction
fluctuation entity
fluctuation event
fluctuation happening
fluctuation movement
fluctuation wave
fluctuation abstraction
fluctuation attribute
fluctuation entity
fluctuation quality
fluency abstraction
fluency attribute
fluency entity
fluency skillfulness
fluency state
fluency abstraction
fluency attribute
fluency entity
fluency trait
fluff abstraction
fluff entity
fluff material
fluff matter
fluff part
fluff relation
fluff substance
fluff abstraction
fluff act
fluff blunder
fluff entity
fluff event
fluff mistake
fluid abstraction
fluid entity
fluid matter
fluid part
fluid relation
fluid substance
fluid entity
fluid matter
fluidity abstraction
fluidity attribute
fluidity consistency
fluidity entity
fluidity property
fluidity thinness
fluidity abstraction
fluidity attribute
fluidity entity
fluidity quality
fluke end
fluke entity
fluke extremity
fluke location
fluke object
fluke point
fluke region
fluke artifact
fluke entity
fluke object
fluke projection
fluke structure
fluke whole
fluke entity
fluke part
fluke process
fluke tail
fluke thing
fluke animal
fluke entity
fluke flatworm
fluke invertebrate
fluke object
fluke organism
fluke whole
fluke worm
fluoride abstraction
fluoride chemical
fluoride compound
fluoride entity
fluoride material
fluoride matter
fluoride part
fluoride relation
fluoride salt
fluoride substance
fluorine abstraction
fluorine entity
fluorine fluid
fluorine gas
fluorine group
fluorine halogen
fluorine matter
fluorine part
fluorine relation
fluorine substance
fluorite abstraction
fluorite entity
fluorite material
fluorite matter
fluorite mineral
fluorite part
fluorite relation
fluorite substance
flurry entity
flurry phenomenon
flurry precipitation
flurry process
flurry snow
flurry weather
flurry move
flush abstraction
flush collection
flush entity
flush group
flush hand
flush abstraction
flush entity
flush event
flush flow
flush happening
flush movement
flush move
flush run
flush glow
flush radiate
flush change
flush clean
flush rinse
flush wash
flush change
flush water
flush wet
fluster act
fluster behave
fluster hold
fluster arouse
fluster confuse
fluster make
fluster upset
flute artifact
flute device
flute entity
flute instrumentality
flute object
flute whole
flute artifact
flute container
flute entity
flute glass
flute instrumentality
flute object
flute whole
flute abstraction
flute attribute
flute depression
flute entity
flute groove
flute shape
flute solid
flute change
flute crimp
flute fold
flutter abstraction
flutter attribute
flutter condition
flutter disorder
flutter entity
flutter state
flutter beat
flutter move
flux abstraction
flux entity
flux rate
flux relation
flux abstraction
flux entity
flux event
flux flow
flux happening
flux movement
flux abstraction
flux chemical
flux entity
flux material
flux matter
flux part
flux relation
flux substance
flux abstraction
flux attribute
flux condition
flux entity
flux pathology
flux state
flux abstraction
flux attribute
flux entity
flux state
flux abstraction
flux act
flux action
flux change
flux entity
flux event
fly animal
fly entity
fly insect
fly invertebrate
fly object
fly organism
fly whole
fly artifact
fly entity
fly object
fly opening
fly whole
fly abstraction
fly act
fly entity
fly event
fly hit
fly touch
fly artifact
fly bait
fly device
fly entity
fly instrumentality
fly object
fly whole
fly travel
fly move
fly handle
fly manipulate
fly operate
fly touch
fly move
fly transport
fly travel
fly change
fly advance
fly elapse
fly travel
fly show
fly travel
fly hit
fly move
flyover abstraction
flyover act
flyover action
flyover change
flyover entity
flyover event
flyover flight
flyover motion
flyover travel
foal animal
foal entity
foal object
foal organism
foal whole
foal young
foal make
foal produce
foam abstraction
foam attribute
foam ball
foam bubble
foam entity
foam shape
foam sphere
foam abstraction
foam entity
foam material
foam matter
foam part
foam relation
foam substance
foam bubble
foam emit
foam exhaust
focus ability
focus abstraction
focus attention
focus cognition
focus concentration
focus entity
focus faculty
focus abstraction
focus attribute
focus clearness
focus distinctness
focus entity
focus quality
focus abstraction
focus attribute
focus clarity
focus comprehensibility
focus entity
focus quality
focus entity
focus location
focus object
focus point
focus entity
focus location
focus object
focus point
focus entity
focus location
focus object
focus point
focus change
focus sharpen
focus adjust
focus change
focus adjust
focus change
fodder entity
fodder feed
fodder food
fodder matter
fodder substance
fodder feed
fodder give
fodder provide
fodder transfer
foe contestant
foe entity
foe object
foe organism
foe person
foe rival
foe whole
fog aerosol
fog cloud
fog entity
fog phenomenon
fog process
fog atmosphere
fog entity
fog phenomenon
fog process
fog weather
foil artifact
foil entity
foil object
foil sheet
foil whole
foil abstraction
foil attention
foil attraction
foil cognition
foil concept
foil content
foil entity
foil feature
foil idea
foil property
foil artifact
foil creation
foil entity
foil object
foil picture
foil representation
foil whole
foil artifact
foil device
foil entity
foil instrumentality
foil instrument
foil object
foil sword
foil weapon
foil whole
foil contrast
foil differ
foil cover
fold abstraction
fold attribute
fold entity
fold shape
fold entity
fold process
fold entity
fold part
fold structure
fold thing
fold area
fold artifact
fold enclosure
fold entity
fold object
fold pen
fold structure
fold whole
fold abstraction
fold act
fold action
fold change
fold entity
fold event
fold change
fold compound
fold integrate
fold mix
fold change
folder artifact
folder covering
folder entity
folder object
folder whole
folio artifact
folio book
folio creation
folio entity
folio object
folio product
folio whole
folk abstraction
folk entity
folk group
folk people
folklore abstraction
folklore cognition
folklore content
folklore entity
folklore lore
folks abstraction
folks entity
folks group
folks kin
folktale abstraction
folktale communication
folktale entity
folktale message
folktale narrative
follicle cavity
follicle entity
follicle part
follicle structure
follicle thing
follow travel
follow be
follow prove
follow result
follow travel
follow be
follow prove
follow result
follow imitate
follow produce
follow reproduce
follow be
follow act
follow practice
follow understand
follower entity
follower object
follower organism
follower person
follower whole
follower entity
follower object
follower organism
follower person
follower traveler
follower whole
following abstraction
following entity
following group
following multitude
folly abstraction
folly attribute
folly entity
folly trait
folly abstraction
folly cognition
folly entity
folly inability
folly stupidity
folly abstraction
folly act
folly activity
folly diversion
folly entity
folly event
folly play
fondness abstraction
fondness attribute
fondness entity
fondness feeling
fondness liking
fondness state
fondue dish
fondue entity
fondue food
fondue matter
fondue substance
fondue dish
fondue entity
fondue food
fondue matter
fondue substance
font abstraction
font character
font communication
font entity
font signal
font symbol
font type
food entity
food matter
food substance
food entity
food matter
food solid
food abstraction
food cognition
food content
food entity
foodstuff entity
foodstuff food
foodstuff matter
foodstuff substance
fool entity
fool object
fool organism
fool person
fool simpleton
fool whole
fool act
fool deceive
fool interact
fool treat
fool wrong
foot entity
foot extremity
foot part
foot thing
foot abstraction
foot entity
foot measure
foot bottom
foot entity
foot location
foot object
foot region
foot entity
foot organ
foot part
foot thing
foot abstraction
foot act
foot action
foot change
foot entity
foot event
foot motion
foot travel
foot walk
foot agent
foot entity
foot negotiator
foot object
foot organism
foot person
foot representative
foot whole
foot artifact
foot device
foot entity
foot instrumentality
foot object
foot support
foot whole
foot give
foot pay
foot transfer
foot travel
foot walk
foot add
foot calculate
foot reason
foot think
footage artifact
footage entity
footage equipment
footage film
footage instrumentality
footage object
footage whole
footage abstraction
footage charge
footage cost
footage entity
footage possession
footage rate
footage relation
football abstraction
football act
football activity
football diversion
football entity
football event
football game
football sport
football artifact
football ball
football entity
football equipment
football instrumentality
football object
football whole
footbridge artifact
footbridge bridge
footbridge entity
footbridge object
footbridge structure
footbridge whole
footer abstraction
footer entity
footer measure
foothill entity
foothill hill
foothill object
foothold artifact
foothold device
foothold entity
foothold instrumentality
foothold object
foothold support
foothold whole
footman entity
footman object
footman organism
footman person
footman servant
footman whole
footman worker
footnote abstraction
footnote comment
footnote communication
footnote entity
footnote message
footnote note
footnote statement
footprint abstraction
footprint communication
footprint entity
footprint indication
footprint mark
footprint abstraction
footprint communication
footprint entity
footprint indication
footprint trace
footprint abstraction
footprint area
footprint attribute
footprint entity
footprint extent
footprint magnitude
footprint property
footstep abstraction
footstep act
footstep action
footstep change
footstep entity
footstep event
footstep locomotion
footstep motion
footstep step
footstep abstraction
footstep entity
footstep measure
footwear artifact
footwear clothing
footwear commodity
footwear covering
footwear entity
footwear object
footwear whole
footwear artifact
footwear covering
footwear entity
footwear object
footwear whole
forage consume
forage feed
forbear refrain
forbearance abstraction
forbearance act
forbearance delay
forbearance entity
forbearance event
forbearance inactivity
forbid ask
forbid command
forbid communicate
forbid convey
forbid move
forbid order
forbid request
forbid transfer
force abstraction
force attribute
force entity
force influence
force power
force quality
force entity
force phenomenon
force process
force abstraction
force attribute
force degree
force entity
force intensity
force property
force abstraction
force entity
force group
force organization
force abstraction
force entity
force group
force compel
force induce
force move
force push
force thrust
force act
forceps artifact
forceps device
forceps entity
forceps instrumentality
forceps instrument
forceps object
forceps whole
ford entity
ford thing
ford abstraction
ford act
ford action
ford change
ford crossing
ford entity
ford event
ford motion
ford travel
ford pass
ford travel
ford traverse
forearm entity
forearm extremity
forearm limb
forearm part
forearm thing
forearm arm
forecast guess
forecast predict
forecast reason
forecast speculate
forecast think
foreclosure abstraction
foreclosure act
foreclosure entity
foreclosure event
foreclosure proceeding
forefather ancestor
forefather entity
forefather object
forefather organism
forefather person
forefather relative
forefather whole
forefather entity
forefather object
forefather organism
forefather person
forefather precursor
forefather predecessor
forefather whole
forefront boundary
forefront entity
forefront extremity
forefront front
forefront location
forefront object
forefront region
forefront side
forefront surface
foreground abstraction
foreground cognition
foreground content
foreground entity
foreground representation
foreground view
foreground artifact
foreground device
foreground display
foreground entity
foreground instrumentality
foreground object
foreground whole
foreground window
foreground act
foreground communicate
foreground convey
foreground express
foreground impart
foreground inform
foreground interact
foreground stress
foreground tell
forehand abstraction
forehand act
forehand action
forehand change
forehand entity
forehand event
forehand maneuver
forehand motion
forehand return
forehand stroke
foreigner entity
foreigner object
foreigner organism
foreigner person
foreigner traveler
foreigner whole
foreigner entity
foreigner intruder
foreigner object
foreigner organism
foreigner person
foreigner stranger
foreigner traveler
foreigner whole
foreignness abstraction
foreignness attribute
foreignness entity
foreignness quality
foreman entity
foreman leader
foreman object
foreman organism
foreman person
foreman superior
foreman supervisor
foreman whole
foreman authority
foreman critic
foreman entity
foreman expert
foreman object
foreman organism
foreman person
foreman whole
foreplay entity
foreplay process
foresight abstraction
foresight attribute
foresight discretion
foresight entity
foresight good
foresight morality
foresight providence
foresight prudence
foresight quality
foresight trait
foresight virtue
foresight wisdom
forest abstraction
forest collection
forest entity
forest group
forest vegetation
forest abstraction
forest community
forest entity
forest group
forest land
forest object
forestry abstraction
forestry biology
forestry cognition
forestry content
forestry discipline
forestry entity
forestry science
foreword abstraction
foreword communication
foreword entity
foreword introduction
foreword music
foreword section
foreword writing
forfeit abstraction
forfeit entity
forfeit loss
forfeit possession
forfeit relation
forfeit abstraction
forfeit cost
forfeit entity
forfeit payment
forfeit penalty
forfeit possession
forfeit relation
forfeit abstraction
forfeit act
forfeit entity
forfeit event
forfeit abandon
forfeit discard
forge area
forge artifact
forge chamber
forge enclosure
forge entity
forge furnace
forge object
forge structure
forge whole
forge entity
forge location
forge object
forge point
forge workplace
forge beat
forge make
forge shape
forge make
forge advance
forge travel
forger entity
forger object
forger organism
forger person
forger smith
forger whole
forger worker
forger deceiver
forger entity
forger object
forger organism
forger person
forger whole
forgery abstraction
forgery act
forgery activity
forgery crime
forgery dishonesty
forgery entity
forgery event
forgery falsification
forgery transgression
forget neglect
forget lose
forgetfulness abstraction
forgetfulness attribute
forgetfulness condition
forgetfulness entity
forgetfulness state
forgetfulness abstraction
forgetfulness attribute
forgetfulness condition
forgetfulness entity
forgetfulness state
forging abstraction
forging act
forging activity
forging creation
forging entity
forging event
forging fabrication
forging formation
forgive agree
forgive exempt
forgiveness abstraction
forgiveness attribute
forgiveness compassion
forgiveness entity
forgiveness feeling
forgiveness state
forgiveness sympathy
forgiveness abstraction
forgiveness act
forgiveness action
forgiveness entity
forgiveness event
forgiveness kindness
fork article
fork artifact
fork cutlery
fork entity
fork object
fork ware
fork whole
fork abstraction
fork attribute
fork branch
fork entity
fork figure
fork shape
fork artifact
fork entity
fork implement
fork instrumentality
fork object
fork tool
fork whole
fork act
fork attack
fork change
fork shape
form abstraction
form entity
form part
form relation
form word
form abstraction
form cognition
form entity
form structure
form abstraction
form appearance
form attribute
form entity
form quality
form abstraction
form communication
form document
form entity
form writing
form abstraction
form entity
form group
form abstraction
form communication
form entity
form abstraction
form attribute
form entity
form manner
form property
form ability
form abstraction
form attribute
form entity
form quality
form artifact
form container
form entity
form instrumentality
form mold
form object
form whole
form make
form constitute
form become
form change
formality abstraction
formality affair
formality ceremony
formality entity
formality event
formality abstraction
formality attribute
formality entity
formality manner
formality trait
formality abstraction
formality act
formality conformity
formality cooperation
formality entity
formality event
formalization abstraction
formalization act
formalization activity
formalization entity
formalization event
formalization organization
format abstraction
format communication
format entity
format information
format message
format abstraction
format appearance
format attribute
format entity
format quality
format change
format determine
format change
format divide
formation abstraction
formation arrangement
formation entity
formation group
formation abstraction
formation act
formation activity
formation creation
formation entity
formation event
formation fabrication
formation abstraction
formation entity
formation placement
formation position
formation relation
formation entity
formation process
formation abstraction
formation act
formation activity
formation creation
formation entity
formation event
formative abstraction
formative entity
formative part
formative relation
former abstraction
former attribute
former entity
former first
former rank
former state
former status
formula abstraction
formula communication
formula entity
formula message
formula statement
formula abstraction
formula communication
formula entity
formula message
formula statement
formula abstraction
formula communication
formula entity
formula message
formula statement
formula entity
formula food
formula foodstuff
formula matter
formula milk
formula substance
formulate make
formulation abstraction
formulation chemical
formulation compound
formulation entity
formulation material
formulation matter
formulation part
formulation relation
formulation substance
formulation abstraction
formulation communication
formulation entity
fornication entity
fornication process
fort act
fort interact
fort meet
fort move
fort station
forte abstraction
forte asset
forte attribute
forte entity
forte quality
forte abstraction
forte attribute
forte entity
forte property
forte volume
forte entity
forte object
forte part
forties abstraction
forties entity
forties measure
forties abstraction
forties decade
forties entity
forties measure
fortification artifact
fortification entity
fortification object
fortification structure
fortification whole
fortification ability
fortification abstraction
fortification art
fortification cognition
fortification entity
fortification abstraction
fortification act
fortification action
fortification change
fortification enrichment
fortification entity
fortification event
fortification improvement
fortitude abstraction
fortitude attribute
fortitude character
fortitude courage
fortitude entity
fortitude good
fortitude morality
fortitude quality
fortitude spirit
fortitude trait
fortitude virtue
fortnight abstraction
fortnight entity
fortnight measure
fortress artifact
fortress entity
fortress object
fortress structure
fortress whole
fortune abstraction
fortune assets
fortune entity
fortune possession
fortune relation
fortune treasure
fortune wealth
fortune abstraction
fortune attribute
fortune condition
fortune entity
fortune state
fortuneteller entity
fortuneteller intellectual
fortuneteller object
fortuneteller organism
fortuneteller person
fortuneteller visionary
fortuneteller whole
forty abstraction
forty entity
forty integer
forty measure
forty number
forum abstraction
forum entity
forum gathering
forum group
forum meeting
forum artifact
forum entity
forum facility
forum object
forum whole
forward athlete
forward contestant
forward entity
forward object
forward organism
forward person
forward whole
forward abstraction
forward act
forward activity
forward entity
forward event
forward position
forward role
forward move
forward transport
forwarding abstraction
forwarding act
forwarding causing
forwarding entity
forwarding event
forwarding sending
forwarding transmission
forwarding abstraction
forwarding act
forwarding action
forwarding advancement
forwarding change
forwarding development
forwarding entity
forwarding event
forwarding improvement
fossil entity
fossil object
fossil remains
fossilization entity
fossilization process
fossilization abstraction
fossilization act
fossilization action
fossilization change
fossilization entity
fossilization event
fossilization passage
fossilize change
fossilize convert
fossilize change
fossilize develop
fossilize grow
fossilize increase
foster promote
foster support
foster rear
foster arouse
foster encourage
foster inspire
foster make
foster stimulate
fostering abstraction
fostering approval
fostering communication
fostering encouragement
fostering entity
fostering message
foul abstraction
foul act
foul activity
foul entity
foul event
foul violation
foul hit
foul move
foul compete
foul play
foul change
foul dirty
foul change
found abstraction
found cost
found entity
found payment
found possession
found relation
found wage
foundation abstraction
foundation entity
foundation relation
foundation abstraction
foundation entity
foundation group
foundation institution
foundation organization
foundation artifact
foundation entity
foundation object
foundation structure
foundation support
foundation whole
foundation abstraction
foundation cognition
foundation content
foundation education
foundation entity
founder creator
founder entity
founder object
founder organism
founder originator
founder person
founder whole
founder entity
founder object
founder organism
founder person
founder whole
founder worker
founder descend
founder sink
founder travel
founder move
founder stumble
fountain artifact
fountain entity
fountain object
fountain structure
fountain whole
fountain abstraction
fountain entity
fountain event
fountain flow
fountain happening
fountain movement
fountain artifact
fountain entity
fountain fixture
fountain object
fountain whole
four abstraction
four digit
four entity
four integer
four measure
four number
fourteen abstraction
fourteen entity
fourteen integer
fourteen measure
fourteen number
fourteenth abstraction
fourteenth attribute
fourteenth entity
fourteenth rank
fourteenth state
fourteenth status
fourth abstraction
fourth attribute
fourth entity
fourth rank
fourth state
fourth status
fourth abstraction
fourth communication
fourth entity
fourth interval
fourth notation
fourth writing
fowl capture
fowl get
fowl hunt
fowl capture
fowl get
fowl hunt
fox animal
fox canine
fox carnivore
fox entity
fox mammal
fox object
fox organism
fox vertebrate
fox whole
fox abstraction
fox entity
fox fur
fox material
fox matter
fox part
fox relation
fox substance
fox entity
fox object
fox organism
fox person
fox whole
fox abstraction
fox communication
fox entity
fox language
fox change
fox spot
foxhound animal
foxhound canine
foxhound carnivore
foxhound dog
foxhound entity
foxhound hound
foxhound mammal
foxhound object
foxhound organism
foxhound vertebrate
foxhound whole
foxtrot dance
foxtrot move
fraction abstraction
fraction chemical
fraction entity
fraction material
fraction matter
fraction part
fraction relation
fraction substance
fraction entity
fraction object
fraction part
fraction abstraction
fraction entity
fraction measure
fraction number
fracture abstraction
fracture attribute
fracture condition
fracture entity
fracture injury
fracture state
fracture abstraction
fracture act
fracture action
fracture breakage
fracture change
fracture entity
fracture event
fracture use
fracture destroy
fracture break
fracture separate
fracture break
fracture change
fracture end
fracture change
fracture hurt
fracture injure
fragment entity
fragment part
fragment thing
fragment artifact
fragment creation
fragment entity
fragment object
fragment piece
fragment whole
fragmentation abstraction
fragmentation attribute
fragmentation condition
fragmentation decay
fragmentation decomposition
fragmentation entity
fragmentation state
fragmentation entity
fragmentation operation
fragmentation processing
fragmentation process
fragmentation storage
fragmentation abstraction
fragmentation discharge
fragmentation entity
fragmentation event
fragmentation explosion
fragmentation happening
frail abstraction
frail entity
frail measure
frail artifact
frail basket
frail container
frail entity
frail instrumentality
frail object
frail whole
frailty abstraction
frailty attribute
frailty entity
frailty evil
frailty immorality
frailty quality
frame artifact
frame entity
frame framework
frame object
frame structure
frame whole
frame artifact
frame creation
frame entity
frame object
frame photograph
frame representation
frame whole
frame abstraction
frame artwork
frame communication
frame drawing
frame entity
frame abstraction
frame application
frame code
frame communication
frame entity
frame program
frame software
frame writing
frame artifact
frame entity
frame framework
frame object
frame structure
frame whole
frame abstraction
frame cognition
frame concept
frame content
frame entity
frame idea
frame part
frame enclose
frame surround
frame touch
frame enclose
frame hold
frame include
frame act
frame communicate
frame convey
frame express
frame impart
frame inform
frame interact
frame tell
frame plan
frame think
frame construct
frame make
framework abstraction
framework attribute
framework constitution
framework entity
framework property
framework structure
framework artifact
framework entity
framework object
framework structure
framework whole
framing abstraction
framing act
framing activity
framing creation
framing entity
framing event
franchise abstraction
franchise agreement
franchise communication
franchise concession
franchise contract
franchise document
franchise entity
franchise message
franchise statement
franchise writing
franchise abstraction
franchise business
franchise enterprise
franchise entity
franchise group
franchise organization
franchise abstraction
franchise cognition
franchise concept
franchise content
franchise entity
franchise idea
franchise right
franchise accept
franchise act
franchise authorize
franchise license
franchise permit
franchise react
frank entity
frank inhabitant
frank object
frank organism
frank person
frank whole
frank entity
frank food
frank matter
frank meat
frank sausage
frank solid
frank agree
frank excuse
frank forgive
frankincense abstraction
frankincense discharge
frankincense entity
frankincense gum
frankincense material
frankincense matter
frankincense part
frankincense relation
frankincense substance
fraternity abstraction
fraternity association
fraternity club
fraternity entity
fraternity group
fraternity organization
fraternization abstraction
fraternization act
fraternization association
fraternization entity
fraternization event
fraud abstraction
fraud act
fraud activity
fraud crime
fraud entity
fraud event
fraud transgression
fraud abstraction
fraud act
fraud activity
fraud deception
fraud entity
fraud event
fraud falsification
fraudulence abstraction
fraudulence communication
fraudulence entity
fraudulence falsehood
fraudulence message
fraudulence misrepresentation
fraudulence statement
fraudulence abstraction
fraudulence attribute
fraudulence dishonesty
fraudulence entity
fraudulence immorality
fraudulence quality
fray break
fray change
fray decay
freak entity
freak mutant
freak object
freak organism
freak whole
freckle artifact
freckle decoration
freckle design
freckle entity
freckle marking
freckle object
freckle spot
freckle whole
freckle change
freckle spot
freckle change
freckle mark
freckle spot
free abstraction
free entity
free group
free people
free distribute
free issue
free transfer
freebie abstraction
freebie acquisition
freebie entity
freebie gift
freebie possession
freebie relation
freedom abstraction
freedom attribute
freedom entity
freedom state
freehold abstraction
freehold entity
freehold estate
freehold possession
freehold property
freehold relation
freehold abstraction
freehold cognition
freehold concept
freehold content
freehold entity
freehold idea
freehold right
freehold tenure
freelance work
freeman citizen
freeman entity
freeman national
freeman object
freeman organism
freeman person
freeman whole
freestyle abstraction
freestyle contest
freestyle entity
freestyle event
freestyle race
freeze cooling
freeze entity
freeze process
freeze entity
freeze phenomenon
freeze process
freeze weather
freeze abstraction
freeze act
freeze entity
freeze event
freeze inactivity
freeze pause
freeze abstraction
freeze act
freeze activity
freeze control
freeze entity
freeze event
freeze limitation
freeze regulation
freeze change
freeze be
freeze suffer
freeze change
freeze end
freeze interrupt
freeze change
freeze solidify
freeze deny
freeze have
freeze keep
freeze withhold
freeze drug
freeze medicate
freeze treat
freeze act
freight abstraction
freight act
freight commerce
freight entity
freight event
freight transaction
freight transportation
freight abstraction
freight charge
freight cost
freight entity
freight possession
freight rate
freight relation
freight move
freight transport
freight change
freight charge
frequency abstraction
frequency entity
frequency rate
frequency relation
frequency abstraction
frequency entity
frequency ratio
frequency relation
frequency abstraction
frequency entity
frequency measure
frequency number
frequent travel
freshman entity
freshman object
freshman organism
freshman person
freshman student
freshman undergraduate
freshman whole
freshness abstraction
freshness age
freshness attribute
freshness entity
freshness newness
freshness property
freshness abstraction
freshness attribute
freshness entity
freshness originality
freshness quality
freshness abstraction
freshness attribute
freshness condition
freshness entity
freshness state
fret abstraction
fret agitation
fret attribute
fret condition
fret entity
fret state
fret artifact
fret decoration
fret entity
fret object
fret whole
fret artifact
fret bar
fret entity
fret implement
fret instrumentality
fret object
fret whole
fret worry
fret give
fret supply
fret transfer
fret annoy
fret carve
fret cut
fret make
fret move
fret separate
fret shape
fret change
fret decorate
fret change
fret decay
friar entity
friar object
friar organism
friar person
friar religious
friar whole
friction entity
friction phenomenon
friction process
friction resistance
friction abstraction
friction act
friction activity
friction effort
friction entity
friction event
friction labor
friction work
friend entity
friend object
friend organism
friend person
friend whole
friend entity
friend object
friend organism
friend person
friend whole
friendliness abstraction
friendliness attribute
friendliness entity
friendliness feeling
friendliness liking
friendliness state
friendliness abstraction
friendliness attribute
friendliness disposition
friendliness entity
friendliness nature
friendliness trait
friendly abstraction
friendly entity
friendly force
friendly group
friendly organization
friendship abstraction
friendship attribute
friendship entity
friendship relationship
friendship state
frighten arouse
frighten make
frighten stimulate
frighten move
frightfulness abstraction
frightfulness attribute
frightfulness entity
frightfulness quality
frigidity abstraction
frigidity attribute
frigidity entity
frigidity quality
fringe entity
fringe phenomenon
fringe process
fringe abstraction
fringe entity
fringe group
fringe border
fringe boundary
fringe edge
fringe edging
fringe entity
fringe extremity
fringe limit
fringe location
fringe object
fringe region
fringe change
fringe decorate
fringe surround
fringe touch
friskiness abstraction
friskiness attribute
friskiness entity
friskiness trait
fritter cake
fritter entity
fritter food
fritter matter
fritter solid
fritter consume
fritter give
fritter pay
fritter spend
fritter transfer
frog amphibian
frog animal
frog entity
frog object
frog organism
frog vertebrate
frog whole
frog entity
frog inhabitant
frog object
frog organism
frog person
frog whole
frog adornment
frog artifact
frog decoration
frog entity
frog object
frog whole
frog capture
frog get
front boundary
front entity
front extremity
front location
front object
front region
front side
front surface
front abstraction
front appearance
front cognition
front content
front entity
front representation
front artifact
front entity
front object
front side
front surface
front whole
front abstraction
front attribute
front entity
front environment
front situation
front sphere
front state
front entity
front phenomenon
front process
front entity
front location
front object
front point
front position
front be
front lie
front confront
front meet
frontage abstraction
frontage attribute
frontage entity
frontage extent
frontage magnitude
frontage property
frontage abstraction
frontage direction
frontage entity
frontage position
frontage relation
frontal artifact
frontal blind
frontal covering
frontal curtain
frontal entity
frontal furnishing
frontal instrumentality
frontal object
frontal whole
frontier entity
frontier location
frontier object
frontier region
frontier wilderness
frontier boundary
frontier entity
frontier extremity
frontier location
frontier object
frontier region
frontier abstraction
frontier cognition
frontier content
frontier discipline
frontier entity
frost crystal
frost entity
frost ice
frost matter
frost solid
frost cooling
frost entity
frost freeze
frost process
frost cover
frost change
frost damage
frostbite abstraction
frostbite attribute
frostbite condition
frostbite entity
frostbite injury
frostbite state
frostiness abstraction
frostiness agent
frostiness attribute
frostiness coldness
frostiness entity
frostiness measure
frostiness property
frostiness temperature
frostiness abstraction
frostiness attribute
frostiness color
frostiness entity
frostiness property
frostiness white
froth make
froth excrete
froth exhaust
froth exude
fructose abstraction
fructose carbohydrate
fructose chemical
fructose compound
fructose entity
fructose material
fructose matter
fructose molecule
fructose part
fructose relation
fructose substance
fructose thing
fructose unit
fruit entity
fruit object
fruit whole
fruit abstraction
fruit consequence
fruit ending
fruit entity
fruit event
fruit happening
fruit result
fruit bear
fruit make
fruition abstraction
fruition attribute
fruition condition
fruition entity
fruition state
fruition abstraction
fruition cognition
fruition concept
fruition content
fruition entity
fruition idea
fruition right
fruition use
fruitlessness abstraction
fruitlessness cognition
fruitlessness entity
fruitlessness inability
fruitlessness abstraction
fruitlessness attribute
fruitlessness entity
fruitlessness quality
frustration abstraction
frustration attribute
frustration desire
frustration disappointment
frustration dissatisfaction
frustration entity
frustration feeling
frustration longing
frustration state
frustration abstraction
frustration act
frustration entity
frustration event
frustration hindrance
frustration abstraction
frustration anger
frustration annoyance
frustration attribute
frustration emotion
frustration entity
frustration feeling
frustration state
fry change
fry heat
fry change
fry cook
fryer bird
fryer chicken
fryer entity
fryer food
fryer matter
fryer meat
fryer poultry
fryer solid
fuchsia entity
fuchsia object
fuchsia organism
fuchsia plant
fuchsia shrub
fuchsia whole
fuck entity
fuck process
fuel entity
fuel matter
fuel substance
fuel give
fuel supply
fuel transfer
fuel give
fuel supply
fuel transfer
fuel get
fuel receive
fuel arouse
fuel make
fuel stimulate
fugitive entity
fugitive object
fugitive organism
fugitive person
fugitive whole
fugitive criminal
fugitive entity
fugitive object
fugitive organism
fugitive person
fugitive principal
fugitive whole
fulcrum artifact
fulcrum axis
fulcrum device
fulcrum entity
fulcrum instrumentality
fulcrum mechanism
fulcrum object
fulcrum pivot
fulcrum whole
fulfillment abstraction
fulfillment attribute
fulfillment contentment
fulfillment entity
fulfillment feeling
fulfillment happiness
fulfillment satisfaction
fulfillment state
fulfillment abstraction
fulfillment act
fulfillment action
fulfillment change
fulfillment completion
fulfillment entity
fulfillment event
fulfillment termination
full beat
full strike
full touch
full change
fullback athlete
fullback back
fullback contestant
fullback entity
fullback object
fullback organism
fullback person
fullback player
fullback whole
fullback abstraction
fullback act
fullback activity
fullback back
fullback entity
fullback event
fullback position
fullback role
fullback compete
fullback play
fuller employee
fuller entity
fuller object
fuller organism
fuller person
fuller whole
fuller worker
fuller workman
fullness abstraction
fullness attribute
fullness entity
fullness property
fullness abstraction
fullness attribute
fullness condition
fullness entity
fullness state
fullness abstraction
fullness attribute
fullness entity
fullness largeness
fullness magnitude
fullness property
fullness size
fume feel
fume emit
fumigate affect
fumigate change
fumigate process
fumigation abstraction
fumigation act
fumigation activity
fumigation application
fumigation entity
fumigation event
fumigation labor
fumigation work
fun abstraction
fun act
fun activity
fun diversion
fun entity
fun event
fun abstraction
fun communication
fun entity
fun message
fun wit
fun abstraction
fun act
fun activity
fun entity
fun event
function abstraction
function entity
function relation
function abstraction
function attribute
function entity
function quality
function utility
function abstraction
function act
function activity
function duty
function entity
function event
function work
function abstraction
function entity
function relation
function abstraction
function entity
function gathering
function group
functionalism abstraction
functionalism cognition
functionalism entity
functionalism explanation
functionalism process
functionalism theory
functionalism thinking
functionalism abstraction
functionalism belief
functionalism cognition
functionalism content
functionalism doctrine
functionalism entity
functionality abstraction
functionality attribute
functionality entity
functionality practicality
functionality quality
functionality utility
fund abstraction
fund entity
fund measure
fund money
fund standard
fund finance
fund give
fund pay
fund transfer
fund have
fund keep
fund store
fund give
fund supply
fund transfer
fund give
fund invest
fund pay
fund spend
fund transfer
fund have
fund keep
fund store
fund give
fund support
fund transfer
fundamental abstraction
fundamental beginning
fundamental cause
fundamental entity
fundamental event
fundamental factor
fundamental happening
fundamental origin
fundamental abstraction
fundamental cognition
fundamental entity
fundamental harmonic
fundamental perception
fundamental process
fundamental sensation
fundamental sound
fundamental tone
fundamentalism abstraction
fundamentalism attribute
fundamentalism belief
fundamentalism cognition
fundamentalism content
fundamentalism entity
fundamentalism good
fundamentalism morality
fundamentalism quality
fundamentalism religion
fundamentalism virtue
fundamentalist entity
fundamentalist object
fundamentalist organism
fundamentalist person
fundamentalist protestant
fundamentalist whole
funds abstraction
funds assets
funds entity
funds possession
funds relation
funeral abstraction
funeral affair
funeral ceremony
funeral entity
funeral event
fungi abstraction
fungi entity
fungi group
fungi kingdom
fungus entity
fungus object
fungus organism
fungus whole
funk abstraction
funk attribute
funk condition
funk depression
funk entity
funk state
funk abstraction
funk communication
funk entity
funk jazz
funk music
funnel abstraction
funnel attribute
funnel cone
funnel entity
funnel shape
funnel artifact
funnel entity
funnel implement
funnel instrumentality
funnel object
funnel utensil
funnel whole
funnel artifact
funnel chimney
funnel conduit
funnel entity
funnel object
funnel passage
funnel way
funnel whole
funnel move
fur abstraction
fur entity
fur material
fur matter
fur part
fur relation
fur substance
fur coat
fur covering
fur entity
fur hair
fur object
fur whole
fur artifact
fur clothing
fur commodity
fur covering
fur entity
fur garment
fur object
fur whole
furlough abstraction
furlough entity
furlough leave
furlough measure
furlough displace
furlough remove
furlough accept
furlough act
furlough permit
furlough react
furnace area
furnace artifact
furnace chamber
furnace enclosure
furnace entity
furnace object
furnace structure
furnace whole
furnish give
furnish supply
furnish transfer
furnishing accessory
furnishing artifact
furnishing clothing
furnishing commodity
furnishing covering
furnishing entity
furnishing object
furnishing whole
furnishing artifact
furnishing entity
furnishing instrumentality
furnishing object
furnishing whole
furnishing abstraction
furnishing act
furnishing activity
furnishing entity
furnishing event
furnishing occupation
furnishing trade
furniture artifact
furniture entity
furniture furnishing
furniture instrumentality
furniture object
furniture whole
fury abstraction
fury anger
fury attribute
fury emotion
fury entity
fury feeling
fury state
fuse artifact
fuse device
fuse entity
fuse instrumentality
fuse object
fuse whole
fuse artifact
fuse device
fuse entity
fuse instrumentality
fuse lighter
fuse object
fuse whole
fuse change
fuse equip
fuse give
fuse supply
fuse transfer
fuse change
fuse dissolve
fuse melt
fuselage artifact
fuselage body
fuselage entity
fuselage object
fuselage structure
fuselage whole
fusion abstraction
fusion entity
fusion event
fusion happening
fusion union
fusion entity
fusion process
fusion entity
fusion process
fusion abstraction
fusion cognition
fusion entity
fusion perception
fusion process
fusion abstraction
fusion act
fusion activity
fusion care
fusion correction
fusion entity
fusion event
fusion therapy
fusion treatment
fusion work
fusion abstraction
fusion act
fusion action
fusion change
fusion combination
fusion entity
fusion event
fuss abstraction
fuss act
fuss activity
fuss entity
fuss event
fuss worry
fussiness abstraction
fussiness appearance
fussiness attribute
fussiness entity
fussiness quality
futility abstraction
futility attribute
futility entity
futility quality
future abstraction
future attribute
future entity
future time
future abstraction
future class
future collection
future entity
future group
future tense
future artifact
future commodity
future entity
future object
future whole
futurism abstraction
futurism entity
futurism group
futurism movement
futurism abstraction
futurism attitude
futurism cognition
futurism entity
futurism orientation
futurism position
futurist entity
futurist intellectual
futurist object
futurist organism
futurist person
futurist scholar
futurist theologian
futurist whole
gag artifact
gag device
gag entity
gag instrumentality
gag object
gag restraint
gag whole
gag control
gag forget
gag hush
gag inhibit
gag restrain
gag suppress
gag attach
gag connect
gag fasten
gag tie
gag act
gag communicate
gag interact
gag joke
gag be
gag suffer
gag change
gag harm
gag hurt
gag injure
gain abstraction
gain assets
gain entity
gain possession
gain relation
gain sum
gain change
gain increase
gain get
gain change
gait abstraction
gait act
gait action
gait change
gait entity
gait event
gait locomotion
gait motion
gait abstraction
gait act
gait action
gait change
gait entity
gait event
gait locomotion
gait motion
gait walk
gal abstraction
gal entity
gal measure
gal adult
gal entity
gal female
gal girl
gal object
gal organism
gal person
gal whole
gal woman
gala abstraction
gala act
gala activity
gala celebration
gala diversion
gala entity
gala event
galaxy abstraction
galaxy collection
galaxy entity
galaxy group
galaxy abstraction
galaxy collection
galaxy entity
galaxy group
gale entity
gale phenomenon
gale process
gale weather
gale wind
gall abstraction
gall attribute
gall condition
gall entity
gall infection
gall sore
gall state
gall entity
gall object
gall whole
gall anger
gall arouse
gall make
gallantry abstraction
gallantry act
gallantry action
gallantry courtesy
gallantry entity
gallantry event
gallantry politeness
galleria abstraction
galleria entity
galleria genus
galleria group
gallery abstraction
gallery audience
gallery entity
gallery gathering
gallery group
gallery area
gallery artifact
gallery entity
gallery object
gallery room
gallery structure
gallery whole
gallery area
gallery artifact
gallery entity
gallery object
gallery room
gallery structure
gallery whole
gallery artifact
gallery corridor
gallery entity
gallery object
gallery passage
gallery way
gallery whole
gallery artifact
gallery balcony
gallery entity
gallery object
gallery structure
gallery whole
galley artifact
galley conveyance
galley craft
galley entity
galley instrumentality
galley object
galley vehicle
galley vessel
galley whole
galley artifact
galley conveyance
galley craft
galley entity
galley instrumentality
galley object
galley vehicle
galley vessel
galley whole
galley area
galley artifact
galley entity
galley kitchen
galley object
galley room
galley structure
galley whole
galley area
galley artifact
galley entity
galley kitchen
galley object
galley room
galley structure
galley whole
gallop abstraction
gallop act
gallop action
gallop change
gallop entity
gallop event
gallop gait
gallop locomotion
gallop motion
gallop ride
gallop travel
gallop pace
gallop travel
gallop ride
gallop travel
gallows artifact
gallows device
gallows entity
gallows instrumentality
gallows instrument
gallows object
gallows whole
gamble abstraction
gamble assets
gamble entity
gamble investment
gamble possession
gamble relation
gamble speculation
gamble abstraction
gamble act
gamble activity
gamble entity
gamble event
gamble risk
gamble undertaking
gamble venture
gamble work
gamble act
gamble try
gamble compete
gamble play
gambler entity
gambler object
gambler organism
gambler person
gambler whole
gambler adventurer
gambler entity
gambler object
gambler organism
gambler person
gambler whole
gambling abstraction
gambling act
gambling activity
gambling diversion
gambling entity
gambling event
gambling transgression
gambling vice
game abstraction
game act
game activity
game entity
game event
game abstraction
game contest
game entity
game event
game abstraction
game act
game activity
game diversion
game entity
game event
game animal
game entity
game object
game organism
game whole
game abstraction
game cognition
game concept
game content
game entity
game idea
game part
game abstraction
game entity
game measure
game number
game score
game entity
game food
game matter
game meat
game solid
game artifact
game entity
game equipment
game instrumentality
game object
game whole
game abstraction
game act
game activity
game entity
game event
game occupation
game abstraction
game act
game activity
game diversion
game entity
game event
game play
gamekeeper custodian
gamekeeper defender
gamekeeper entity
gamekeeper object
gamekeeper organism
gamekeeper person
gamekeeper whole
gamma abstraction
gamma character
gamma communication
gamma entity
gamma letter
gamma signal
gamma symbol
gamma abstraction
gamma entity
gamma measure
gamut abstraction
gamut attribute
gamut entity
gamut extent
gamut magnitude
gamut property
gamut scope
gamut abstraction
gamut communication
gamut entity
gamut notation
gamut scale
gamut writing
gander animal
gander bird
gander entity
gander goose
gander object
gander organism
gander vertebrate
gander waterfowl
gander whole
gang abstraction
gang association
gang entity
gang group
gang organization
gang abstraction
gang entity
gang group
gang organization
gang unit
gang artifact
gang entity
gang implement
gang instrumentality
gang object
gang tool
gang whole
gang act
gang group
gang interact
gang meet
gangster criminal
gangster entity
gangster object
gangster organism
gangster person
gangster principal
gangster whole
gangway artifact
gangway entity
gangway object
gangway passage
gangway way
gangway whole
gap abstraction
gap attribute
gap difference
gap disparity
gap entity
gap inequality
gap quality
gap artifact
gap entity
gap object
gap opening
gap whole
gap abstraction
gap act
gap disagreement
gap dispute
gap entity
gap event
gap open
garage artifact
garage building
garage entity
garage object
garage structure
garage whole
garage artifact
garage entity
garage establishment
garage object
garage shop
garage structure
garage whole
garage have
garage keep
garage store
garbage abstraction
garbage entity
garbage material
garbage matter
garbage part
garbage relation
garbage substance
garbage waste
garbage artifact
garbage container
garbage entity
garbage instrumentality
garbage object
garbage receptacle
garbage whole
garden entity
garden location
garden object
garden plot
garden region
garden tract
garden abstraction
garden collection
garden entity
garden group
garden vegetation
garden entity
garden field
garden location
garden object
garden region
garden tract
garden yard
garden attend
garden care
garden help
garden support
garden tend
gardener entity
gardener expert
gardener object
gardener organism
gardener person
gardener whole
gardener employee
gardener entity
gardener object
gardener organism
gardener person
gardener whole
gardener worker
gardening abstraction
gardening act
gardening commerce
gardening cultivation
gardening entity
gardening event
gardening farming
gardening industry
gardening production
gardening transaction
garland change
garland decorate
garlic entity
garlic object
garlic organism
garlic plant
garlic whole
garlic entity
garlic food
garlic foodstuff
garlic ingredient
garlic matter
garlic substance
garment artifact
garment clothing
garment commodity
garment covering
garment entity
garment object
garment whole
garnet abstraction
garnet crystal
garnet entity
garnet gem
garnet material
garnet matter
garnet mineral
garnet part
garnet relation
garnet solid
garnet substance
garnish artifact
garnish decoration
garnish entity
garnish object
garnish whole
garnish artifact
garnish decoration
garnish entity
garnish object
garnish whole
garter artifact
garter band
garter entity
garter object
garter strip
garter whole
garter attach
garter connect
garter fasten
gas entity
gas phenomenon
gas process
gas entity
gas fluid
gas matter
gas attack
gas contend
gasket artifact
gasket device
gasket entity
gasket fastener
gasket instrumentality
gasket object
gasket restraint
gasket seal
gasket whole
gaslight energy
gaslight entity
gaslight light
gaslight phenomenon
gaslight process
gaslight radiation
gasoline abstraction
gasoline chemical
gasoline compound
gasoline entity
gasoline fuel
gasoline hydrocarbon
gasoline material
gasoline matter
gasoline part
gasoline relation
gasoline substance
gastritis abstraction
gastritis cognition
gastritis entity
gastritis evidence
gastritis inflammation
gastritis information
gastritis symptom
gastronomy abstraction
gastronomy act
gastronomy action
gastronomy change
gastronomy cooking
gastronomy cuisine
gastronomy entity
gastronomy event
gastronomy abstraction
gastronomy act
gastronomy activity
gastronomy art
gastronomy creation
gastronomy entity
gastronomy event
gate artifact
gate barrier
gate entity
gate object
gate obstruction
gate structure
gate whole
gate artifact
gate circuit
gate device
gate entity
gate instrumentality
gate object
gate whole
gate abstraction
gate assets
gate entity
gate gross
gate possession
gate relation
gate sum
gate artifact
gate entity
gate object
gate passage
gate way
gate whole
gate give
gate supply
gate transfer
gate handle
gate manipulate
gate operate
gate touch
gate control
gate forget
gate inhibit
gate restrain
gate restrict
gate suppress
gateway access
gateway artifact
gateway entity
gateway entrance
gateway object
gateway way
gateway whole
gather artifact
gather creation
gather entity
gather object
gather sewing
gather whole
gather abstraction
gather act
gather activity
gather collection
gather entity
gather event
gather grouping
gather reason
gather think
gather attach
gather connect
gather fasten
gather sew
gather act
gather force
gather pull
gather search
gatherer entity
gatherer object
gatherer organism
gatherer person
gatherer whole
gathering abstraction
gathering entity
gathering group
gaudy abstraction
gaudy banquet
gaudy dinner
gaudy entity
gaudy gathering
gaudy group
gaudy party
gauge artifact
gauge device
gauge entity
gauge instrumentality
gauge instrument
gauge object
gauge whole
gauge abstraction
gauge entity
gauge measure
gauge standard
gauge abstraction
gauge attribute
gauge distance
gauge entity
gauge magnitude
gauge property
gauge size
gauge abstraction
gauge attribute
gauge dimension
gauge entity
gauge magnitude
gauge property
gauge thickness
gauge guide
gauge rub
gauge determine
gauge act
gauge carry
gauge communicate
gauge interact
gauge decide
gauge regulate
gauge standardize
gauge blend
gauge change
gauze artifact
gauze cotton
gauze entity
gauze fabric
gauze object
gauze whole
gauze artifact
gauze entity
gauze fabric
gauze net
gauze object
gauze whole
gaze abstraction
gaze act
gaze activity
gaze entity
gaze event
gaze look
gaze stare
gaze look
gazelle animal
gazelle antelope
gazelle entity
gazelle mammal
gazelle object
gazelle organism
gazelle vertebrate
gazelle whole
gazette artifact
gazette entity
gazette instrumentality
gazette medium
gazette newspaper
gazette object
gazette press
gazette whole
gazette print
gazette produce
gear artifact
gear device
gear entity
gear instrumentality
gear machine
gear mechanism
gear object
gear wheel
gear whole
gear artifact
gear device
gear entity
gear instrumentality
gear mechanism
gear object
gear whole
gear artifact
gear entity
gear equipment
gear instrumentality
gear object
gear whole
gear adapt
gear change
gearbox artifact
gearbox covering
gearbox entity
gearbox housing
gearbox object
gearbox shell
gearbox whole
gecko animal
gecko entity
gecko lizard
gecko object
gecko organism
gecko reptile
gecko vertebrate
gecko whole
geek entertainer
geek entity
geek object
geek organism
geek performer
geek person
geek whole
geezer adult
geezer entity
geezer male
geezer man
geezer object
geezer organism
geezer person
geezer whole
geisha adult
geisha entity
geisha female
geisha inhabitant
geisha object
geisha organism
geisha person
geisha whole
geisha woman
gel abstraction
gel entity
gel matter
gel mixture
gel part
gel relation
gel substance
gel change
gem art
gem artifact
gem creation
gem entity
gem object
gem whole
gem crystal
gem entity
gem matter
gem solid
gender abstraction
gender class
gender collection
gender entity
gender group
gene abstraction
gene arrangement
gene entity
gene group
gene sequence
gene series
genealogist entity
genealogist expert
genealogist object
genealogist organism
genealogist person
genealogist whole
genealogy abstraction
genealogy entity
genealogy group
genealogy kin
genealogy abstraction
genealogy cognition
genealogy content
genealogy discipline
genealogy entity
general entity
general object
general organism
general person
general serviceman
general whole
general worker
general entity
general head
general leader
general object
general organism
general person
general whole
general abstraction
general cognition
general entity
general fact
general information
general command
general control
general dominate
generality abstraction
generality attribute
generality entity
generality quality
generalization abstraction
generalization association
generalization cognition
generalization entity
generalization memory
generalization process
generalization abstraction
generalization cognition
generalization content
generalization entity
generalization idea
generalization abstraction
generalization cognition
generalization entity
generalization learning
generalization process
generalization transfer
generalize reason
generalize think
generalize act
generalize communicate
generalize interact
generalize talk
generalize spread
generate make
generate produce
generation abstraction
generation entity
generation group
generation abstraction
generation entity
generation measure
generation abstraction
generation entity
generation measure
generation phase
generation abstraction
generation act
generation commerce
generation entity
generation event
generation industry
generation production
generation transaction
generation entity
generation process
generation reproduction
generator apparatus
generator artifact
generator entity
generator equipment
generator instrumentality
generator object
generator whole
generator artifact
generator device
generator engine
generator entity
generator instrumentality
generator machine
generator motor
generator object
generator whole
generator creator
generator entity
generator maker
generator object
generator organism
generator person
generator whole
generator artifact
generator device
generator entity
generator instrumentality
generator object
generator whole
generic abstraction
generic agent
generic alcohol
generic beverage
generic drug
generic entity
generic fluid
generic food
generic liquid
generic matter
generic part
generic relation
generic substance
generic wine
generic artifact
generic commodity
generic entity
generic merchandise
generic object
generic whole
generosity abstraction
generosity attribute
generosity entity
generosity good
generosity kindness
generosity morality
generosity quality
generosity abstraction
generosity act
generosity distribution
generosity entity
generosity event
genesis abstraction
genesis beginning
genesis entity
genesis event
genesis happening
geneticist biologist
geneticist entity
geneticist object
geneticist organism
geneticist person
geneticist scientist
geneticist whole
genetics abstraction
genetics biology
genetics cognition
genetics content
genetics discipline
genetics entity
genetics science
genie abstraction
genie belief
genie cognition
genie content
genie entity
genie spirit
genitalia entity
genitalia organ
genitalia part
genitalia thing
genius entity
genius intellectual
genius object
genius organism
genius person
genius whole
genius ability
genius abstraction
genius cognition
genius creativity
genius entity
genocide abstraction
genocide act
genocide action
genocide change
genocide entity
genocide event
genocide killing
genocide termination
genome abstraction
genome arrangement
genome entity
genome group
genre abstraction
genre category
genre cognition
genre concept
genre content
genre entity
genre idea
genre kind
genre art
genre artifact
genre creation
genre entity
genre object
genre whole
gent adult
gent entity
gent gentleman
gent male
gent man
gent object
gent organism
gent person
gent whole
gentle caress
gentle pet
gentle stroke
gentle touch
gentleman adult
gentleman entity
gentleman male
gentleman man
gentleman object
gentleman organism
gentleman person
gentleman whole
gentleness abstraction
gentleness attribute
gentleness entity
gentleness manner
gentleness trait
genuineness abstraction
genuineness actuality
genuineness attribute
genuineness being
genuineness entity
genuineness state
genus abstraction
genus category
genus cognition
genus concept
genus content
genus entity
genus idea
genus kind
genus abstraction
genus entity
genus group
geographer entity
geographer expert
geographer object
geographer organism
geographer person
geographer whole
geography abstraction
geography cognition
geography content
geography discipline
geography entity
geography science
geologist entity
geologist object
geologist organism
geologist person
geologist scientist
geologist whole
geology abstraction
geology cognition
geology content
geology discipline
geology entity
geology science
geometry abstraction
geometry cognition
geometry content
geometry discipline
geometry entity
geometry mathematics
geometry science
geophysics abstraction
geophysics cognition
geophysics content
geophysics discipline
geophysics entity
geophysics geology
geophysics science
geopolitics abstraction
geopolitics cognition
geopolitics content
geopolitics discipline
geopolitics entity
geopolitics politics
geopolitics science
geranium entity
geranium herb
geranium object
geranium organism
geranium plant
geranium whole
gerbil animal
gerbil entity
gerbil mammal
gerbil object
gerbil organism
gerbil rodent
gerbil vertebrate
gerbil whole
germ entity
germ part
germ structure
germ thing
germinate change
germinate develop
germinate grow
germination entity
germination growth
germination process
germination abstraction
germination beginning
germination entity
germination event
germination happening
germination origin
gestation abstraction
gestation attribute
gestation entity
gestation time
gestation abstraction
gestation cognition
gestation construction
gestation entity
gestation process
gestation thinking
gesticulation abstraction
gesticulation communication
gesticulation entity
gesticulation gesture
gesture abstraction
gesture act
gesture action
gesture change
gesture entity
gesture event
gesture motion
gesture abstraction
gesture communication
gesture entity
gesture abstraction
gesture communication
gesture entity
gesture indication
get abstraction
get act
get action
get change
get entity
get event
get maneuver
get motion
get return
get stroke
get change
get make
get seize
get take
get act
get communicate
get interact
get hit
get touch
get get
get buy
get get
get board
get catch
get enter
get annoy
get affect
get touch
get destroy
ghetto district
ghetto entity
ghetto location
ghetto object
ghetto quarter
ghetto region
ghetto abstraction
ghetto attribute
ghetto being
ghetto entity
ghetto life
ghetto state
ghetto district
ghetto entity
ghetto location
ghetto object
ghetto region
ghost abstraction
ghost apparition
ghost appearance
ghost cognition
ghost content
ghost entity
ghost illusion
ghost representation
ghost entity
ghost soul
ghost spirit
ghost travel
ghost author
ghost make
ghost write
ghoul abstraction
ghoul belief
ghoul cognition
ghoul content
ghoul entity
ghoul spirit
giant animal
giant entity
giant object
giant organism
giant whole
giant abstraction
giant enterprise
giant entity
giant group
giant organization
giant entity
giant object
giant organism
giant person
giant whole
giant anomaly
giant entity
giant object
giant organism
giant person
giant whole
giant ability
giant abstraction
giant cognition
giant creativity
giant entity
giant imagination
giblet entity
giblet food
giblet matter
giblet meat
giblet solid
giddiness abstraction
giddiness attribute
giddiness entity
giddiness trait
gift abstraction
gift acquisition
gift entity
gift possession
gift relation
gig artifact
gig boat
gig conveyance
gig craft
gig entity
gig instrumentality
gig object
gig vehicle
gig vessel
gig whole
gig artifact
gig entity
gig hook
gig implement
gig instrumentality
gig object
gig whole
gig artifact
gig boat
gig conveyance
gig craft
gig entity
gig instrumentality
gig object
gig tender
gig vehicle
gig vessel
gig whole
gig artifact
gig carriage
gig container
gig conveyance
gig entity
gig instrumentality
gig object
gig vehicle
gig whole
gig abstraction
gig act
gig activity
gig employment
gig engagement
gig entity
gig event
gig occupation
gigabyte abstraction
gigabyte entity
gigabyte measure
gigabyte abstraction
gigabyte entity
gigabyte measure
giggle abstraction
giggle communication
giggle entity
giggle laugh
giggle utterance
giggle laugh
gill abstraction
gill entity
gill measure
gill abstraction
gill entity
gill measure
gill entity
gill object
gill whole
gill entity
gill organ
gill part
gill thing
gin abstraction
gin agent
gin alcohol
gin beverage
gin drug
gin entity
gin fluid
gin food
gin liquid
gin liquor
gin matter
gin part
gin relation
gin substance
gin abstraction
gin act
gin activity
gin entity
gin event
gin game
gin move
gin separate
gin capture
gin get
gin trap
ginger entity
ginger herb
ginger object
ginger organism
ginger plant
ginger whole
ginger entity
ginger food
ginger foodstuff
ginger ingredient
ginger matter
ginger spice
ginger substance
ginger entity
ginger food
ginger foodstuff
ginger ingredient
ginger matter
ginger substance
ginger season
ginger zest
gingerbread cake
gingerbread entity
gingerbread food
gingerbread matter
gingerbread solid
ginseng entity
ginseng object
ginseng root
ginseng whole
ginseng entity
ginseng herb
ginseng object
ginseng organism
ginseng plant
ginseng whole
giraffe animal
giraffe entity
giraffe mammal
giraffe object
giraffe organism
giraffe vertebrate
giraffe whole
girdle entity
girdle part
girdle structure
girdle thing
girdle artifact
girdle band
girdle entity
girdle object
girdle strip
girdle whole
girdle cut
girdle move
girdle separate
girdle surround
girdle touch
girl adult
girl entity
girl female
girl object
girl organism
girl person
girl whole
girl woman
girl adult
girl entity
girl female
girl object
girl organism
girl person
girl whole
girl woman
girlfriend adult
girlfriend entity
girlfriend female
girlfriend friend
girlfriend object
girlfriend organism
girlfriend person
girlfriend whole
girlfriend woman
girlfriend adult
girlfriend entity
girlfriend female
girlfriend lover
girlfriend object
girlfriend organism
girlfriend person
girlfriend whole
girlfriend woman
girth abstraction
girth attribute
girth circumference
girth entity
girth magnitude
girth property
girth size
give abstraction
give attribute
give elasticity
give entity
give property
give transfer
give express
give state
give act
give communicate
give interact
give act
give communicate
give interact
give make
give think
give pass
give transfer
give utter
give use
give administer
give treat
give distribute
give give
give transfer
give act
give communicate
give interact
give calculate
give estimate
give reason
give think
give compel
give enforce
give execute
give induce
give compensate
give give
give pay
give transfer
give show
give make
give perform
give change
give grow
give increase
give stretch
give evaluate
give honor
give prize
give recognize
give see
give think
give toast
give accord
give give
give transfer
give act
give communicate
give convey
give express
give impart
give inform
give interact
give tell
give entrust
give pass
give pledge
give transfer
give move
give refer
give send
give submit
give induce
give lead
give accept
give act
give permit
give react
give act
give communicate
give inflict
give interact
give happen
give accept
give act
give react
give give
give offer
give transfer
giveaway abstraction
giveaway acquisition
giveaway entity
giveaway gift
giveaway possession
giveaway relation
giveaway abstraction
giveaway act
giveaway disclosure
giveaway entity
giveaway event
given abstraction
given assumption
given cognition
given concept
given content
given entity
given hypothesis
given idea
giver entity
giver object
giver organism
giver person
giver whole
giving abstraction
giving act
giving distribution
giving entity
giving event
giving abstraction
giving act
giving communication
giving conveyance
giving entity
giving event
giving transmission
giving abstraction
giving act
giving disposal
giving entity
giving event
gizzard cavity
gizzard entity
gizzard part
gizzard pouch
gizzard structure
gizzard thing
glacier entity
glacier object
gladiator combatant
gladiator entity
gladiator object
gladiator organism
gladiator person
gladiator whole
gladness abstraction
gladness attribute
gladness entity
gladness feeling
gladness happiness
gladness state
glance abstraction
glance act
glance activity
glance entity
glance event
glance look
glance hit
glance touch
gland entity
gland organ
gland part
gland thing
glare abstraction
glare attribute
glare brightness
glare entity
glare light
glare property
glare abstraction
glare act
glare activity
glare entity
glare event
glare look
glare stare
glare emit
glare reflect
glare shine
glass entity
glass matter
glass solid
glass artifact
glass container
glass entity
glass instrumentality
glass object
glass whole
glass abstraction
glass entity
glass measure
glass article
glass artifact
glass entity
glass glassware
glass object
glass ware
glass whole
glass give
glass supply
glass transfer
glass examine
glass scan
glass enclose
glass surround
glass touch
glass insert
glass move
glass put
glassware article
glassware artifact
glassware entity
glassware object
glassware ware
glassware whole
glaucoma abstraction
glaucoma attribute
glaucoma condition
glaucoma disease
glaucoma entity
glaucoma illness
glaucoma state
glaze artifact
glaze decoration
glaze entity
glaze garnish
glaze object
glaze topping
glaze whole
glaze abstraction
glaze attribute
glaze brightness
glaze entity
glaze light
glaze polish
glaze property
glaze radiance
glaze smoothness
glaze texture
glaze abstraction
glaze appearance
glaze attribute
glaze coating
glaze entity
glaze quality
glaze coat
glaze cover
glaze change
glen entity
glen object
glen valley
glide abstraction
glide act
glide action
glide change
glide entity
glide event
glide flight
glide motion
glide travel
glide fly
glide handle
glide manipulate
glide operate
glide touch
glide move
glider aircraft
glider artifact
glider conveyance
glider craft
glider entity
glider instrumentality
glider object
glider vehicle
glider whole
glimpse abstraction
glimpse cognition
glimpse content
glimpse entity
glimpse representation
glimpse view
glimpse abstraction
glimpse communication
glimpse entity
glimpse indication
glimpse perceive
glimpse see
glitter abstraction
glitter attribute
glitter brightness
glitter entity
glitter light
glitter property
glitter abstraction
glitter entity
glitter event
glitter flash
glitter happening
glitter be
glitter look
globe artifact
globe creation
globe entity
globe model
globe object
globe representation
globe sphere
globe whole
gloom abstraction
gloom attribute
gloom dark
gloom entity
gloom illumination
gloom state
gloom abstraction
gloom apprehension
gloom attribute
gloom emotion
gloom entity
gloom fear
gloom feeling
gloom melancholy
gloom sadness
gloom state
gloom abstraction
gloom atmosphere
gloom attribute
gloom condition
gloom entity
gloom state
glorification abstraction
glorification act
glorification activity
glorification admiration
glorification adoration
glorification aid
glorification blessing
glorification entity
glorification event
glorification support
glorify change
glorify act
glorify communicate
glorify embroider
glorify inform
glorify interact
glory abstraction
glory attribute
glory entity
glory honor
glory standing
glory state
glory status
glory abstraction
glory appearance
glory attribute
glory beauty
glory entity
glory quality
glory cheer
glory feel
glory rejoice
gloss abstraction
gloss communication
gloss entity
gloss explanation
gloss message
gloss statement
gloss better
gloss change
gloss polish
gloss act
gloss communicate
gloss explain
gloss inform
gloss interact
gloss act
gloss communicate
gloss inform
gloss interact
gloss repeat
gloss tell
gloss translate
glossary artifact
glossary book
glossary creation
glossary entity
glossary object
glossary product
glossary publication
glossary whole
glossary work
glossy artifact
glossy creation
glossy entity
glossy object
glossy photograph
glossy representation
glossy whole
glove artifact
glove clothing
glove commodity
glove covering
glove entity
glove object
glove whole
glow abstraction
glow attribute
glow entity
glow feeling
glow state
glow energy
glow entity
glow light
glow phenomenon
glow process
glow radiation
glow radiate
glow be
glow look
glow feel
glowworm animal
glowworm beetle
glowworm entity
glowworm firefly
glowworm insect
glowworm invertebrate
glowworm object
glowworm organism
glowworm whole
glucose abstraction
glucose carbohydrate
glucose chemical
glucose compound
glucose entity
glucose material
glucose matter
glucose molecule
glucose part
glucose relation
glucose substance
glucose thing
glucose unit
glue abstraction
glue cement
glue entity
glue material
glue matter
glue part
glue relation
glue substance
glue attach
glue connect
glue attach
glue connect
glue fasten
glue join
gluten abstraction
gluten chemical
gluten compound
gluten entity
gluten material
gluten matter
gluten molecule
gluten part
gluten protein
gluten relation
gluten substance
gluten thing
gluten unit
gluttony abstraction
gluttony attribute
gluttony entity
gluttony indiscipline
gluttony trait
gluttony abstraction
gluttony act
gluttony activity
gluttony entity
gluttony event
gluttony sin
gluttony transgression
glycerol abstraction
glycerol alcohol
glycerol entity
glycerol fluid
glycerol liquid
glycerol matter
glycerol part
glycerol relation
glycerol substance
gnarl change
gnarl flex
gnat animal
gnat entity
gnat insect
gnat invertebrate
gnat object
gnat organism
gnat whole
gnat animal
gnat entity
gnat insect
gnat invertebrate
gnat mosquito
gnat object
gnat organism
gnat whole
gnome abstraction
gnome belief
gnome cognition
gnome content
gnome entity
gnome fairy
gnome abstraction
gnome communication
gnome entity
gnome maxim
gnome saying
gnome speech
go abstraction
go entity
go measure
go shift
go abstraction
go act
go activity
go entity
go event
go game
go act
go exit
go move
go disappear
go be
go compare
go be
goal abstraction
goal cognition
goal content
goal entity
goal artifact
goal entity
goal equipment
goal instrumentality
goal object
goal whole
goal abstraction
goal accomplishment
goal act
goal action
goal attainment
goal entity
goal event
goal score
goal success
goalkeeper athlete
goalkeeper contestant
goalkeeper entity
goalkeeper object
goalkeeper organism
goalkeeper person
goalkeeper player
goalkeeper whole
goalkeeper abstraction
goalkeeper act
goalkeeper activity
goalkeeper entity
goalkeeper event
goalkeeper position
goalkeeper role
goat animal
goat entity
goat mammal
goat object
goat organism
goat vertebrate
goat whole
goatskin abstraction
goatskin entity
goatskin hide
goatskin material
goatskin matter
goatskin part
goatskin relation
goatskin substance
goblet artifact
goblet container
goblet entity
goblet glass
goblet instrumentality
goblet object
goblet whole
goblin abstraction
goblin belief
goblin cognition
goblin content
goblin entity
goblin spirit
god entity
god leader
god object
god organism
god person
god superior
god whole
godchild baby
godchild child
godchild entity
godchild object
godchild offspring
godchild organism
godchild person
godchild relative
godchild whole
goddess abstraction
goddess belief
goddess cognition
goddess content
goddess deity
goddess entity
godfather benefactor
godfather entity
godfather godparent
godfather object
godfather organism
godfather patron
godfather person
godfather whole
godfather benefactor
godfather entity
godfather object
godfather organism
godfather patron
godfather person
godfather whole
godliness abstraction
godliness attribute
godliness entity
godliness morality
godliness piety
godliness quality
godliness righteousness
godmother benefactor
godmother entity
godmother godparent
godmother object
godmother organism
godmother patron
godmother person
godmother whole
godparent benefactor
godparent entity
godparent object
godparent organism
godparent patron
godparent person
godparent whole
going abstraction
going accomplishment
going act
going action
going entity
going event
gold abstraction
gold assets
gold entity
gold possession
gold relation
gold treasure
gold valuable
gold wealth
gold abstraction
gold entity
gold matter
gold part
gold relation
gold substance
gold abstraction
gold assets
gold entity
gold possession
gold relation
gold wealth
gold abstraction
gold attribute
gold entity
gold quality
gold value
gold worth
goldfish animal
goldfish entity
goldfish fish
goldfish object
goldfish organism
goldfish vertebrate
goldfish whole
goldsmith creator
goldsmith entity
goldsmith maker
goldsmith object
goldsmith organism
goldsmith person
goldsmith whole
golf abstraction
golf act
golf activity
golf diversion
golf entity
golf event
golf game
golf sport
golf compete
golf play
gong artifact
gong device
gong entity
gong instrumentality
gong object
gong whole
gong sound
gonorrhea abstraction
gonorrhea attribute
gonorrhea condition
gonorrhea disease
gonorrhea entity
gonorrhea illness
gonorrhea state
good abstraction
good advantage
good asset
good attribute
good entity
good quality
good abstraction
good attribute
good entity
good morality
good quality
good abstraction
good attribute
good entity
good quality
goose animal
goose bird
goose entity
goose object
goose organism
goose vertebrate
goose waterfowl
goose whole
goose bird
goose entity
goose food
goose matter
goose meat
goose poultry
goose solid
goose grip
goose pinch
goose seize
goose take
goose prod
goose handle
goose manipulate
goose pump
goose touch
gooseberry entity
gooseberry object
gooseberry organism
gooseberry plant
gooseberry shrub
gooseberry whole
gooseberry berry
gooseberry currant
gooseberry entity
gooseberry food
gooseberry fruit
gooseberry matter
gooseberry object
gooseberry produce
gooseberry solid
gooseberry whole
gore abstraction
gore blood
gore entity
gore matter
gore part
gore relation
gore substance
gore artifact
gore entity
gore fabric
gore object
gore part
gore piece
gore whole
gore enter
gore penetrate
gore pierce
gore create
gore cut
gore design
gore make
gorge entity
gorge object
gorge ravine
gorge valley
gorge consume
gorge eat
gorilla animal
gorilla ape
gorilla entity
gorilla mammal
gorilla object
gorilla organism
gorilla primate
gorilla vertebrate
gorilla whole
gospel abstraction
gospel communication
gospel entity
gospel writing
gospel abstraction
gospel communication
gospel entity
gospel message
gospel statement
gospel truth
gospel abstraction
gospel communication
gospel entity
gospel music
gospel abstraction
gospel belief
gospel cognition
gospel content
gospel doctrine
gospel entity
gossip abstraction
gossip act
gossip entity
gossip event
gossip report
gossip entity
gossip object
gossip organism
gossip person
gossip whole
gouge artifact
gouge cutter
gouge entity
gouge implement
gouge instrumentality
gouge object
gouge tool
gouge whole
gouge abstraction
gouge act
gouge activity
gouge creation
gouge entity
gouge event
gouge change
gouge hurt
gouge injure
gourd artifact
gourd bottle
gourd container
gourd entity
gourd instrumentality
gourd object
gourd vessel
gourd whole
gourd entity
gourd fruit
gourd object
gourd whole
gourd entity
gourd object
gourd organism
gourd plant
gourd vine
gourd whole
gout abstraction
gout arthritis
gout attribute
gout condition
gout disease
gout entity
gout illness
gout state
govern control
govern necessitate
governess adult
governess educator
governess entity
governess object
governess organism
governess person
governess professional
governess teacher
governess whole
government abstraction
government entity
government group
government organization
government abstraction
government act
government entity
government event
government ability
government abstraction
government cognition
government entity
government method
government system
governor entity
governor leader
governor object
governor organism
governor person
governor politician
governor whole
governor artifact
governor control
governor device
governor entity
governor instrumentality
governor mechanism
governor object
governor whole
governorship abstraction
governorship act
governorship activity
governorship entity
governorship event
governorship occupation
governorship position
gown artifact
gown clothing
gown commodity
gown covering
gown dress
gown entity
gown object
gown whole
gown abstraction
gown body
gown entity
gown group
gown university
gown artifact
gown clothing
gown commodity
gown covering
gown entity
gown garment
gown object
gown whole
gown artifact
gown clothing
gown commodity
gown covering
gown entity
gown object
gown whole
gown change
gown dress
grab artifact
grab device
grab entity
grab instrumentality
grab mechanism
grab object
grab whole
grab move
grab get
grab obtain
grab seize
grab take
grab intrigue
grab refer
grace abstraction
grace attribute
grace entity
grace state
grace abstraction
grace attribute
grace carriage
grace entity
grace gracefulness
grace property
grace abstraction
grace attribute
grace disposition
grace entity
grace nature
grace trait
grace abstraction
grace belief
grace cognition
grace content
grace deity
grace entity
grace abstraction
grace act
grace entity
grace event
grace prayer
grace request
grace abstraction
grace attribute
grace entity
grace good
grace morality
grace quality
gracefulness abstraction
gracefulness attribute
gracefulness carriage
gracefulness entity
gracefulness property
gracelessness abstraction
gracelessness attribute
gracelessness carriage
gracelessness entity
gracelessness property
graciousness abstraction
graciousness attribute
graciousness courtesy
graciousness entity
graciousness manner
graciousness trait
grad abstraction
grad entity
grad measure
gradation abstraction
gradation attribute
gradation entity
gradation rank
gradation state
gradation status
gradation abstraction
gradation act
gradation activity
gradation entity
gradation event
gradation measurement
grade abstraction
grade attribute
grade entity
grade rank
grade state
grade status
grade abstraction
grade entity
grade gradient
grade position
grade relation
grade abstraction
grade entity
grade part
grade phone
grade relation
grade vowel
grade abstraction
grade distance
grade elevation
grade entity
grade placement
grade position
grade relation
grade spacing
grade animal
grade bovine
grade cattle
grade entity
grade mammal
grade object
grade organism
grade vertebrate
grade whole
grade change
grade flush
grade evaluate
grade measure
grade think
grade categorize
grade classify
grade reason
grade think
gradient abstraction
gradient change
gradient entity
gradient relation
gradient abstraction
gradient entity
gradient position
gradient relation
grading abstraction
grading act
grading activity
grading construction
grading creation
grading entity
grading event
gradual abstraction
gradual communication
gradual entity
gradual music
graduate artifact
graduate device
graduate entity
graduate instrumentality
graduate instrument
graduate object
graduate whole
graduate get
graduate receive
graduate allocate
graduate assign
graduate award
graduate confer
graduate distribute
graduate give
graduate transfer
graduation abstraction
graduation act
graduation action
graduation change
graduation completion
graduation entity
graduation event
graduation termination
graduation abstraction
graduation communication
graduation entity
graduation indication
graduation line
graduation mark
graft entity
graft part
graft thing
graft tissue
graft abstraction
graft act
graft action
graft attachment
graft change
graft combination
graft entity
graft event
graft connect
graft join
grail abstraction
grail aim
grail cognition
grail content
grail entity
grail goal
grain abstraction
grain atom
grain entity
grain material
grain matter
grain part
grain relation
grain substance
grain entity
grain food
grain foodstuff
grain matter
grain substance
grain abstraction
grain entity
grain leather
grain material
grain matter
grain part
grain relation
grain substance
grain abstraction
grain entity
grain measure
grain abstraction
grain entity
grain measure
grain abstraction
grain entity
grain measure
grain entity
grain fruit
grain object
grain seed
grain whole
grain cereal
grain entity
grain grass
grain herb
grain object
grain organism
grain plant
grain whole
grain abstraction
grain attribute
grain entity
grain magnitude
grain property
grain size
grain smallness
grain abstraction
grain attribute
grain entity
grain property
grain texture
grain coat
grain cover
grain paint
gram abstraction
gram entity
gram measure
grammar abstraction
grammar cognition
grammar content
grammar discipline
grammar entity
grammar linguistics
grammar science
grandchild entity
grandchild object
grandchild offspring
grandchild organism
grandchild person
grandchild relative
grandchild whole
granddaughter entity
granddaughter grandchild
granddaughter object
granddaughter offspring
granddaughter organism
granddaughter person
granddaughter relative
granddaughter whole
grandfather ancestor
grandfather entity
grandfather grandparent
grandfather object
grandfather organism
grandfather person
grandfather relative
grandfather whole
grandiosity abstraction
grandiosity communication
grandiosity entity
grandma ancestor
grandma entity
grandma grandparent
grandma object
grandma organism
grandma person
grandma relative
grandma whole
grandmaster contestant
grandmaster entity
grandmaster object
grandmaster organism
grandmaster person
grandmaster player
grandmaster whole
grandparent ancestor
grandparent entity
grandparent object
grandparent organism
grandparent person
grandparent relative
grandparent whole
grandson entity
grandson grandchild
grandson object
grandson offspring
grandson organism
grandson person
grandson relative
grandson whole
granite abstraction
granite entity
granite material
granite matter
granite part
granite relation
granite rock
granite substance
granite abstraction
granite attribute
granite entity
granite immobility
granite immovability
granite quality
granite steadiness
granny adult
granny entity
granny female
granny object
granny organism
granny person
granny whole
granny woman
grant abstraction
grant acquisition
grant aid
grant entity
grant gift
grant possession
grant relation
grant abstraction
grant act
grant allotment
grant distribution
grant entity
grant event
grant abstraction
grant entity
grant possession
grant relation
grant abstraction
grant cognition
grant concept
grant content
grant entity
grant idea
grant right
grant give
grape entity
grape food
grape fruit
grape matter
grape object
grape produce
grape solid
grape whole
grape entity
grape object
grape organism
grape plant
grape vine
grape whole
grapefruit citrus
grapefruit entity
grapefruit object
grapefruit organism
grapefruit plant
grapefruit tree
grapefruit whole
grapefruit citrus
grapefruit entity
grapefruit food
grapefruit fruit
grapefruit matter
grapefruit object
grapefruit produce
grapefruit solid
grapefruit whole
grapevine abstraction
grapevine act
grapevine entity
grapevine event
grapevine gossip
grapevine report
graph abstraction
graph communication
graph entity
graph make
graph represent
graph diagram
graph draw
graph make
graph represent
graphic artifact
graphic creation
graphic entity
graphic object
graphic picture
graphic representation
graphic whole
graphics art
graphics artifact
graphics creation
graphics entity
graphics object
graphics whole
graphite abstraction
graphite carbon
graphite entity
graphite matter
graphite part
graphite relation
graphite substance
grasp hold
grasping abstraction
grasping cognition
grasping entity
grasping knowing
grasping process
grasping understanding
grasping abstraction
grasping act
grasping activity
grasping control
grasping entity
grasping event
grass entity
grass herb
grass object
grass organism
grass plant
grass whole
grass change
grass hurt
grass injure
grass shoot
grass cover
grass change
grass unfold
grass cover
grass touch
grass crop
grass feed
grass give
grass provide
grass transfer
grasshopper animal
grasshopper entity
grasshopper insect
grasshopper invertebrate
grasshopper object
grasshopper organism
grasshopper whole
grasshopper abstraction
grasshopper agent
grasshopper alcohol
grasshopper beverage
grasshopper cocktail
grasshopper drug
grasshopper entity
grasshopper fluid
grasshopper food
grasshopper liquid
grasshopper matter
grasshopper part
grasshopper relation
grasshopper substance
grassland abstraction
grassland community
grassland entity
grassland group
grassland location
grassland object
grassland region
grassland tract
grate artifact
grate entity
grate framework
grate object
grate structure
grate whole
grate abstraction
grate entity
grate event
grate happening
grate noise
grate sound
grate artifact
grate barrier
grate entity
grate object
grate obstruction
grate structure
grate whole
grate give
grate supply
grate transfer
grate guide
grate rub
grate break
grate change
gratefulness abstraction
gratefulness attribute
gratefulness entity
gratefulness feeling
gratefulness gratitude
gratefulness state
grater artifact
grater entity
grater implement
grater instrumentality
grater object
grater utensil
grater whole
gratification abstraction
gratification attribute
gratification emotion
gratification entity
gratification feeling
gratification state
gratification abstraction
gratification act
gratification action
gratification change
gratification entity
gratification event
gratification satisfaction
gratitude abstraction
gratitude attribute
gratitude entity
gratitude feeling
gratitude state
grave abstraction
grave death
grave end
grave entity
grave measure
grave point
grave entity
grave location
grave object
grave point
gravel abstraction
gravel entity
gravel material
gravel matter
gravel part
gravel relation
gravel rock
gravel substance
gravel cover
gravitation abstraction
gravitation entity
gravitation event
gravitation happening
gravitation movement
gravitation abstraction
gravitation attitude
gravitation cognition
gravitation drift
gravitation entity
gravitation inclination
gravity attraction
gravity entity
gravity force
gravity phenomenon
gravity process
gravity abstraction
gravity attribute
gravity entity
gravity feeling
gravity state
gravy condiment
gravy entity
gravy food
gravy foodstuff
gravy ingredient
gravy matter
gravy sauce
gravy substance
gravy entity
gravy food
gravy foodstuff
gravy juice
gravy matter
gravy substance
gray abstraction
gray attribute
gray color
gray entity
gray property
gray abstraction
gray entity
gray measure
gray biologist
gray entity
gray object
gray organism
gray person
gray scientist
gray whole
graze abrasion
graze abstraction
graze attribute
graze condition
graze entity
graze injury
graze state
graze wound
graze consumption
graze eating
graze entity
graze process
graze change
graze hurt
graze injure
graze brush
graze touch
grazing abstraction
grazing act
grazing entity
grazing event
grazing touch
grease abstraction
grease chemical
grease compound
grease entity
grease lipid
grease material
grease matter
grease molecule
grease oil
grease part
grease relation
grease substance
grease thing
grease unit
grease cover
greasiness abstraction
greasiness attribute
greasiness entity
greasiness fatness
greasiness property
great entity
great object
great organism
great person
great whole
greatness abstraction
greatness attribute
greatness entity
greatness importance
greatness quality
greatness value
greatness worth
greed abstraction
greed attribute
greed desire
greed disposition
greed entity
greed property
greed tendency
greediness abstraction
greediness attribute
greediness entity
greediness gluttony
greediness indiscipline
greediness trait
greediness abstraction
greediness attribute
greediness entity
greediness selfishness
greediness stinginess
greediness trait
green abstraction
green attribute
green color
green entity
green property
green entity
green environmentalist
green object
green organism
green person
green reformer
green whole
green entity
green location
green object
green region
green site
green tract
green change
greenery entity
greenery leaf
greenery object
greenery whole
greenhouse artifact
greenhouse building
greenhouse entity
greenhouse object
greenhouse structure
greenhouse whole
greenness abstraction
greenness abundance
greenness amount
greenness attribute
greenness entity
greenness magnitude
greenness property
greenness quantity
greenness abstraction
greenness attribute
greenness entity
greenness immaturity
greenness state
greens entity
greens food
greens matter
greens produce
greens solid
greens vegetable
greet address
greet come
greet travel
greet act
greet communicate
greet interact
greet act
greet react
greeting abstraction
greeting communication
greeting entity
greeting message
grenade artifact
grenade bomb
grenade device
grenade entity
grenade instrumentality
grenade object
grenade weaponry
grenade whole
grenadine entity
grenadine food
grenadine foodstuff
grenadine ingredient
grenadine matter
grenadine substance
grenadine syrup
greyhound animal
greyhound canine
greyhound carnivore
greyhound dog
greyhound entity
greyhound hound
greyhound mammal
greyhound object
greyhound organism
greyhound racer
greyhound vertebrate
greyhound whole
grid abstraction
grid cognition
grid entity
grid form
grid structure
grid artifact
grid entity
grid object
grid plate
grid sheet
grid whole
grid artifact
grid conductor
grid device
grid electrode
grid entity
grid instrumentality
grid object
grid whole
grid artifact
grid entity
grid implement
grid instrumentality
grid object
grid utensil
grid whole
griddle artifact
griddle entity
griddle implement
griddle instrumentality
griddle object
griddle utensil
griddle whole
griddle change
griddle cook
griddle fry
gridlock abstraction
gridlock crowd
gridlock crush
gridlock entity
gridlock gathering
gridlock group
grief abstraction
grief attribute
grief entity
grief feeling
grief sadness
grief sorrow
grief state
grief abstraction
grief cognition
grief entity
grief information
grief stimulation
grievance abstraction
grievance accusation
grievance allegation
grievance charge
grievance communication
grievance entity
grievance message
grievance pleading
grievance statement
grievance abstraction
grievance act
grievance complaint
grievance entity
grievance event
grievance objection
grill artifact
grill entity
grill framework
grill object
grill structure
grill whole
grill change
grill cook
grill act
grill address
grill ask
grill communicate
grill examine
grill interact
grill question
griminess abstraction
griminess attribute
griminess condition
griminess entity
griminess state
grin act
grin communicate
grin interact
grin smile
grind abstraction
grind attribute
grind degree
grind entity
grind property
grind abstraction
grind act
grind compression
grind crush
grind entity
grind event
grind press
grind propulsion
grind push
grind dance
grind move
grind break
grind change
grind make
grind shape
grinder artifact
grinder device
grinder entity
grinder instrumentality
grinder machine
grinder object
grinder whole
grinding abstraction
grinding atom
grinding entity
grinding material
grinding matter
grinding part
grinding relation
grinding substance
grinding abstraction
grinding entity
grinding event
grinding happening
grinding noise
grinding sound
grinding entity
grinding friction
grinding phenomenon
grinding process
grinding resistance
grip entity
grip friction
grip phenomenon
grip process
grip resistance
grip entity
grip object
grip organism
grip person
grip whole
grip worker
grip abstraction
grip attribute
grip entity
grip influence
grip power
grip quality
grip seize
grip take
gripe abstraction
gripe act
gripe entity
gripe event
gripe objection
gripe complain
grit abstraction
grit entity
grit material
grit matter
grit part
grit relation
grit rock
grit sandstone
grit substance
grit coat
grit cover
grit press
grit squeeze
grit touch
grizzly animal
grizzly bear
grizzly carnivore
grizzly entity
grizzly mammal
grizzly object
grizzly organism
grizzly vertebrate
grizzly whole
grocer businessperson
grocer capitalist
grocer entity
grocer merchant
grocer object
grocer organism
grocer person
grocer whole
grocery artifact
grocery commodity
grocery entity
grocery object
grocery whole
groin area
groin entity
groin part
groin thing
groin artifact
groin edge
groin entity
groin object
groin side
groin surface
groin whole
groin construct
groin make
groom associate
groom entity
groom object
groom organism
groom participant
groom peer
groom person
groom whole
groom entity
groom object
groom organism
groom person
groom relative
groom spouse
groom whole
groom better
groom change
groove abstraction
groove attribute
groove depression
groove entity
groove shape
groove solid
groove entity
groove part
groove thing
groove cut
groove move
groove separate
grope abstraction
grope act
grope entity
grope event
grope touch
grope search
grope act
grope try
grope caress
grope stroke
grope touch
gross abstraction
gross entity
gross integer
gross measure
gross number
gross abstraction
gross assets
gross entity
gross possession
gross relation
gross sum
gross gain
gross get
grotto cave
grotto entity
grotto object
ground entity
ground location
ground object
ground point
ground abstraction
ground cognition
ground content
ground entity
ground representation
ground artifact
ground connection
ground entity
ground instrumentality
ground object
ground whole
ground artifact
ground entity
ground object
ground surface
ground whole
ground change
ground disable
ground restrain
ground move
ground put
ground act
ground communicate
ground inform
ground interact
ground teach
ground bring
ground land
ground move
ground transport
ground reach
ground move
ground throw
ground hit
ground move
ground hit
ground move
ground connect
grounding abstraction
grounding act
grounding action
grounding change
grounding entity
grounding event
grounding joining
grounds entity
grounds location
grounds object
grounds region
grounds tract
grounds dregs
grounds entity
grounds matter
grounds sediment
groundwork abstraction
groundwork act
groundwork activity
groundwork entity
groundwork event
groundwork preparation
group abstraction
group entity
group thing
group unit
group abstraction
group entity
group set
group categorize
group classify
group reason
group think
group act
group interact
group meet
groupie entity
groupie fan
groupie follower
groupie object
groupie organism
groupie person
groupie whole
grouping abstraction
grouping act
grouping activity
grouping entity
grouping event
grouping abstraction
grouping arrangement
grouping cognition
grouping entity
grouping structure
grout abstraction
grout artifact
grout entity
grout matter
grout mixture
grout object
grout part
grout plaster
grout relation
grout substance
grout whole
grout attach
grout connect
grout fasten
grove abstraction
grove collection
grove entity
grove forest
grove group
grove vegetation
grove entity
grove garden
grove location
grove object
grove plot
grove region
grove tract
grow change
grow increase
grow change
grow develop
grow grow
grow increase
grow change
grow develop
grow cultivate
grow change
growing abstraction
growing act
growing entity
growing event
growing production
growl abstraction
growl cry
growl entity
growl event
growl happening
growl sound
growth entity
growth process
growth development
growth entity
growth process
growth abstraction
growth collection
growth entity
growth group
growth vegetation
growth abstraction
growth attribute
growth condition
growth entity
growth illness
growth state
growth entity
growth object
grub animal
grub entity
grub larva
grub object
grub organism
grub whole
grub search
grubby animal
grubby entity
grubby fish
grubby object
grubby organism
grubby vertebrate
grubby whole
grudge abstraction
grudge attribute
grudge emotion
grudge entity
grudge feeling
grudge hate
grudge hostility
grudge resentment
grudge state
gruel dish
gruel entity
gruel food
gruel matter
gruel porridge
gruel substance
grumble abstraction
grumble act
grumble complaint
grumble entity
grumble event
grumble objection
grumble utter
grunt abstraction
grunt entity
grunt event
grunt happening
grunt noise
grunt sound
grunt entity
grunt object
grunt organism
grunt person
grunt whole
grunt animal
grunt entity
grunt fish
grunt object
grunt organism
grunt vertebrate
grunt whole
grunt utter
grunter entity
grunter object
grunter organism
grunter person
grunter whole
guarantee abstraction
guarantee assurance
guarantee commitment
guarantee communication
guarantee entity
guarantee message
guarantee abstraction
guarantee assurance
guarantee commitment
guarantee communication
guarantee entity
guarantee message
guarantee abstraction
guarantee assets
guarantee collateral
guarantee entity
guarantee interest
guarantee possession
guarantee relation
guarantee share
guarantee declare
guarantee express
guarantee pledge
guarantee promise
guarantee state
guarantee accept
guarantee act
guarantee approve
guarantee authorize
guarantee back
guarantee permit
guarantee react
guard defender
guard entity
guard object
guard organism
guard person
guard whole
guard athlete
guard contestant
guard entity
guard object
guard organism
guard person
guard player
guard whole
guard artifact
guard device
guard entity
guard instrumentality
guard object
guard whole
guard abstraction
guard attribute
guard entity
guard position
guard property
guard athlete
guard contestant
guard entity
guard object
guard organism
guard person
guard whole
guard abstraction
guard entity
guard group
guard organization
guard unit
guard abstraction
guard act
guard activity
guard entity
guard event
guard position
guard role
guard abstraction
guard act
guard activity
guard entity
guard event
guard position
guard role
guard analyze
guard check
guard watch
guard defend
guard prevent
guard protect
guard act
guardianship abstraction
guardianship act
guardianship duty
guardianship entity
guardianship event
guardsman entity
guardsman object
guardsman organism
guardsman person
guardsman serviceman
guardsman soldier
guardsman whole
guardsman worker
guava entity
guava object
guava organism
guava plant
guava tree
guava whole
guava entity
guava object
guava organism
guava plant
guava tree
guava whole
guava entity
guava food
guava fruit
guava matter
guava object
guava produce
guava solid
guava whole
guerrilla entity
guerrilla object
guerrilla organism
guerrilla person
guerrilla warrior
guerrilla whole
guess abstraction
guess communication
guess entity
guess message
guess opinion
guess abstraction
guess calculation
guess cognition
guess entity
guess estimate
guess process
guess thinking
guess reason
guess speculate
guess think
guess solve
guess understand
guesstimate abstraction
guesstimate calculation
guesstimate cognition
guesstimate entity
guesstimate estimate
guesstimate process
guesstimate thinking
guesstimate calculate
guesstimate estimate
guesstimate reason
guesstimate think
guest entity
guest object
guest organism
guest person
guest traveler
guest visitor
guest whole
guest consumer
guest customer
guest entity
guest object
guest organism
guest person
guest user
guest whole
guidance abstraction
guidance communication
guidance entity
guidance message
guidance abstraction
guidance act
guidance entity
guidance event
guidance management
guide entity
guide leader
guide object
guide organism
guide person
guide whole
guide artifact
guide entity
guide object
guide structure
guide whole
guide control
guide direct
guide manage
guide decide
guide orient
guidebook artifact
guidebook book
guidebook creation
guidebook entity
guidebook handbook
guidebook object
guidebook product
guidebook publication
guidebook whole
guidebook work
guideline abstraction
guideline communication
guideline entity
guideline indication
guideline line
guideline mark
guillotine artifact
guillotine device
guillotine entity
guillotine instrumentality
guillotine instrument
guillotine object
guillotine whole
guillotine kill
guilt abstraction
guilt attribute
guilt condition
guilt entity
guilt state
guilt abstraction
guilt attribute
guilt entity
guilt feeling
guilt sadness
guilt sorrow
guilt state
guinea abstraction
guinea coinage
guinea coin
guinea currency
guinea entity
guinea measure
guinea standard
guise abstraction
guise appearance
guise attribute
guise entity
guise quality
guise semblance
guitar artifact
guitar device
guitar entity
guitar instrumentality
guitar object
guitar whole
guitarist entertainer
guitarist entity
guitarist musician
guitarist object
guitarist organism
guitarist performer
guitarist person
guitarist whole
gulf entity
gulf thing
gulf abstraction
gulf attribute
gulf difference
gulf disparity
gulf entity
gulf inequality
gulf quality
gulf abstraction
gulf attribute
gulf chasm
gulf entity
gulf location
gulf object
gulf opening
gulf shape
gulf space
gull animal
gull bird
gull entity
gull object
gull organism
gull seabird
gull vertebrate
gull whole
gull act
gull communicate
gull deceive
gull inform
gull interact
gully entity
gully object
gully valley
gulp consumption
gulp entity
gulp process
gulp swallow
gulp entity
gulp process
gulp reaction
gulp reflex
gulp consume
gulp drink
gulp act
gulp communicate
gulp interact
gulp talk
gum abstraction
gum discharge
gum entity
gum material
gum matter
gum part
gum relation
gum substance
gum cover
gum change
gum excrete
gum exhaust
gum exude
gun artifact
gun device
gun entity
gun instrumentality
gun instrument
gun object
gun weapon
gun whole
gun abstraction
gun act
gun discharge
gun entity
gun event
gun propulsion
gun shooting
gun blast
gun fire
gunman criminal
gunman entity
gunman killer
gunman murderer
gunman object
gunman organism
gunman person
gunman principal
gunman whole
gunman entity
gunman expert
gunman object
gunman organism
gunman person
gunman shot
gunman whole
gunpowder abstraction
gunpowder chemical
gunpowder entity
gunpowder explosive
gunpowder material
gunpowder matter
gunpowder part
gunpowder relation
gunpowder substance
guru entity
guru leader
guru object
guru organism
guru person
guru whole
guru entity
guru leader
guru object
guru organism
guru person
guru whole
guru entity
guru leader
guru object
guru organism
guru person
guru whole
gust entity
gust phenomenon
gust process
gust weather
gust wind
gusto abstraction
gusto attribute
gusto enjoyment
gusto enthusiasm
gusto entity
gusto feeling
gusto pleasure
gusto state
gut channel
gut entity
gut thing
gut change
gut empty
gut remove
gutter artifact
gutter channel
gutter entity
gutter object
gutter passage
gutter way
gutter whole
gutter abstraction
gutter attribute
gutter condition
gutter entity
gutter fortune
gutter misfortune
gutter state
gutter entity
gutter object
gutter organism
gutter person
gutter whole
gutter worker
gutter artifact
gutter entity
gutter implement
gutter instrumentality
gutter object
gutter tool
gutter whole
gutter burn
gutter shine
gutter move
gutter run
gutter enter
gutter penetrate
gutter probe
gutter give
gutter provide
gutter transfer
guy adult
guy entity
guy male
guy man
guy object
guy organism
guy person
guy whole
guy artifact
guy creation
guy effigy
guy entity
guy object
guy representation
guy whole
guy artifact
guy brace
guy device
guy entity
guy instrumentality
guy object
guy support
guy whole
guy brace
guy change
guy strengthen
guzzle consume
guzzle drink
gymnasium artifact
gymnasium entity
gymnasium facility
gymnasium object
gymnasium whole
gymnast athlete
gymnast contestant
gymnast entity
gymnast object
gymnast organism
gymnast person
gymnast whole
gymnastics abstraction
gymnastics act
gymnastics activity
gymnastics diversion
gymnastics entity
gymnastics event
gymnastics sport
gynecology abstraction
gynecology cognition
gynecology content
gynecology discipline
gynecology entity
gynecology medicine
gynecology science
gypsy entity
gypsy inhabitant
gypsy object
gypsy organism
gypsy person
gypsy whole
gyration abstraction
gyration act
gyration action
gyration change
gyration entity
gyration event
gyration motion
gyration rotation
gyro dish
gyro entity
gyro food
gyro matter
gyro sandwich
gyro substance
habit abstraction
habit cognition
habit custom
habit entity
habit practice
habit abstraction
habit act
habit activity
habit continuance
habit custom
habit entity
habit event
habit practice
habit survival
habit artifact
habit attire
habit clothing
habit commodity
habit covering
habit entity
habit object
habit whole
habit entity
habit growth
habit process
habit artifact
habit attire
habit clothing
habit commodity
habit covering
habit entity
habit object
habit whole
habit change
habit dress
habitability abstraction
habitability attribute
habitability entity
habitability fitness
habitability quality
habitability suitability
habitat entity
habitat environment
habitat location
habitat object
habitat region
habitation entity
habitation environment
habitation habitat
habitation location
habitation object
habitation region
habituation abstraction
habituation adjustment
habituation change
habituation entity
habituation event
habituation happening
habituation improvement
habituation transformation
hacienda abstraction
hacienda entity
hacienda estate
hacienda possession
hacienda property
hacienda relation
hacienda artifact
hacienda building
hacienda dwelling
hacienda entity
hacienda house
hacienda housing
hacienda object
hacienda structure
hacienda whole
hack entity
hack object
hack organism
hack person
hack whole
hack entity
hack object
hack organism
hack person
hack whole
hack writer
hack artifact
hack entity
hack implement
hack instrumentality
hack object
hack tool
hack whole
hack animal
hack entity
hack horse
hack mammal
hack object
hack organism
hack vertebrate
hack whole
hack animal
hack entity
hack horse
hack mammal
hack object
hack organism
hack vertebrate
hack whole
hack animal
hack entity
hack horse
hack mammal
hack object
hack organism
hack vertebrate
hack whole
hack act
hack cope
hack cut
hack move
hack separate
hack compete
hack foul
hack play
hack compete
hack foul
hack play
hack make
hack program
hack change
hack edit
hack cough
hack exhaust
hacker contestant
hacker entity
hacker object
hacker organism
hacker person
hacker player
hacker whole
hacker engineer
hacker entity
hacker object
hacker organism
hacker person
hacker programmer
hacker radical
hacker terrorist
hacker whole
hacker engineer
hacker entity
hacker object
hacker organism
hacker person
hacker programmer
hacker whole
hag adult
hag entity
hag female
hag object
hag organism
hag person
hag whole
hag woman
haiku abstraction
haiku communication
haiku entity
haiku poem
haiku writing
hail entity
hail phenomenon
hail precipitation
hail process
hail weather
hail entity
hail object
hail abstraction
hail communication
hail entity
hail greeting
hail message
hail be
hail ask
hail call
hail communicate
hail convey
hail move
hail order
hail request
hail transfer
hail address
hail come
hail greet
hail travel
hail precipitate
hair covering
hair entity
hair object
hair whole
hair entity
hair part
hair process
hair thing
hair entity
hair filament
hair part
hair structure
hair thing
hair entity
hair part
hair process
hair thing
hairpiece artifact
hairpiece attire
hairpiece clothing
hairpiece commodity
hairpiece covering
hairpiece entity
hairpiece object
hairpiece whole
hairpin artifact
hairpin device
hairpin entity
hairpin fastener
hairpin instrumentality
hairpin object
hairpin pin
hairpin restraint
hairpin whole
half abstraction
half cognition
half concept
half content
half entity
half idea
half part
halftime abstraction
halftime entity
halftime measure
halftime pause
hall area
hall artifact
hall entity
hall object
hall room
hall structure
hall whole
hall artifact
hall building
hall entity
hall object
hall structure
hall whole
hall artifact
hall building
hall entity
hall object
hall structure
hall whole
hallmark abstraction
hallmark attribute
hallmark characteristic
hallmark entity
hallmark quality
hallucination abstraction
hallucination attribute
hallucination condition
hallucination delusion
hallucination entity
hallucination state
hallucination abstraction
hallucination cognition
hallucination content
hallucination entity
hallucination object
hallway artifact
hallway corridor
hallway entity
hallway object
hallway passage
hallway way
hallway whole
halo entity
halo phenomenon
halo process
halogen abstraction
halogen entity
halogen group
halt stop
halter artifact
halter entity
halter equipment
halter gear
halter headgear
halter instrumentality
halter object
halter whole
halter artifact
halter clothing
halter commodity
halter covering
halter entity
halter object
halter top
halter whole
halter entity
halter organ
halter part
halter thing
halter wing
halter execute
halter hang
halter kill
halter punish
halve calculate
halve divide
halve reason
halve think
ham cut
ham entity
ham food
ham matter
ham meat
ham solid
ham entity
ham operator
ham actor
ham entertainer
ham entity
ham object
ham organism
ham performer
ham person
ham whole
hamburger dish
hamburger entity
hamburger food
hamburger matter
hamburger sandwich
hamburger substance
hamlet abstraction
hamlet community
hamlet entity
hamlet gathering
hamlet group
hammer artifact
hammer device
hammer entity
hammer instrumentality
hammer mechanism
hammer object
hammer striker
hammer whole
hammer artifact
hammer entity
hammer implement
hammer instrumentality
hammer object
hammer tool
hammer whole
hammer artifact
hammer entity
hammer equipment
hammer instrumentality
hammer object
hammer whole
hammer artifact
hammer device
hammer entity
hammer instrumentality
hammer mechanism
hammer object
hammer striker
hammer whole
hammer artifact
hammer device
hammer entity
hammer implement
hammer instrumentality
hammer machine
hammer object
hammer tool
hammer whole
hammer abstraction
hammer act
hammer action
hammer blow
hammer change
hammer entity
hammer event
hammer motion
hammer stroke
hammer beat
hammer strike
hammer touch
hammock artifact
hammock bed
hammock entity
hammock furnishing
hammock furniture
hammock instrumentality
hammock object
hammock whole
hamper artifact
hamper basket
hamper container
hamper entity
hamper instrumentality
hamper object
hamper whole
hamper control
hamper forget
hamper inhibit
hamper restrain
hamper restrict
hamper suppress
hamster animal
hamster entity
hamster mammal
hamster object
hamster organism
hamster rodent
hamster vertebrate
hamster whole
hand entity
hand extremity
hand part
hand thing
hand ability
hand abstraction
hand cognition
hand entity
hand location
hand object
hand region
hand side
hand abstraction
hand collection
hand entity
hand group
hand abstraction
hand aspect
hand cognition
hand concept
hand content
hand entity
hand feature
hand idea
hand property
hand side
hand artifact
hand device
hand entity
hand indicator
hand instrumentality
hand object
hand pointer
hand whole
hand abstraction
hand entity
hand measure
hand entity
hand object
hand organism
hand person
hand sailor
hand whole
hand worker
hand abstraction
hand applause
hand approval
hand communication
hand entity
hand message
hand entity
hand extremity
hand part
hand paw
hand thing
hand abstraction
hand act
hand activity
hand aid
hand entity
hand event
hand lead
handball artifact
handball ball
handball entity
handball equipment
handball instrumentality
handball object
handball whole
handball abstraction
handball act
handball activity
handball diversion
handball entity
handball event
handball game
handball sport
handbook artifact
handbook book
handbook creation
handbook entity
handbook object
handbook product
handbook publication
handbook whole
handbook work
handcart artifact
handcart container
handcart conveyance
handcart entity
handcart instrumentality
handcart object
handcart vehicle
handcart whole
handcraft craft
handcraft fashion
handcraft make
handful abstraction
handful entity
handful measure
handful abstraction
handful entity
handful measure
handicap abstraction
handicap advantage
handicap asset
handicap attribute
handicap entity
handicap quality
handicap affect
handicap bias
handicap change
handicap influence
handicap prejudice
handicap determine
handicap disadvantage
handicap discriminate
handicap distinguish
handicap identify
handicraft artifact
handicraft creation
handicraft entity
handicraft object
handicraft product
handicraft whole
handicraft work
handicraft abstraction
handicraft act
handicraft activity
handicraft art
handicraft creation
handicraft entity
handicraft event
handicraft occupation
handicraft trade
handiness abstraction
handiness attribute
handiness entity
handiness skillfulness
handiness state
handiness abstraction
handiness attribute
handiness convenience
handiness entity
handiness quality
handiness suitability
handkerchief artifact
handkerchief entity
handkerchief fabric
handkerchief object
handkerchief part
handkerchief piece
handkerchief whole
handle entity
handle object
handle part
handle touch
handle act
handle interact
handle manipulate
handling abstraction
handling act
handling activity
handling entity
handling event
handling labor
handling work
handling abstraction
handling act
handling entity
handling event
handling touch
handmaid abstraction
handmaid attribute
handmaid entity
handmaid inferiority
handmaid state
handmaid status
handmaid domestic
handmaid entity
handmaid maid
handmaid object
handmaid organism
handmaid person
handmaid servant
handmaid whole
handmaid worker
handover abstraction
handover act
handover action
handover change
handover entity
handover event
handover relinquishment
handover termination
handset artifact
handset entity
handset equipment
handset instrumentality
handset object
handset telephone
handset whole
handshake abstraction
handshake communication
handshake entity
handshake message
handwriting abstraction
handwriting communication
handwriting entity
handwriting writing
handwriting abstraction
handwriting act
handwriting activity
handwriting entity
handwriting event
handwriting writing
handyman entity
handyman object
handyman organism
handyman person
handyman whole
handyman worker
hang abstraction
hang attribute
hang entity
hang fit
hang manner
hang property
hang abstraction
hang act
hang activity
hang effort
hang entity
hang event
hang exercise
hang labor
hang work
hang attach
hang connect
hang fasten
hang execute
hang kill
hang punish
hang drop
hang move
hang be
hang obstruct
hang prevent
hang change
hang decorate
hang attach
hang connect
hang fasten
hang change
hang decay
hang decompose
hanger entity
hanger object
hanger organism
hanger person
hanger whole
hanger worker
hanger artifact
hanger device
hanger entity
hanger instrumentality
hanger object
hanger support
hanger whole
hanging artifact
hanging decoration
hanging entity
hanging object
hanging whole
hanging abstraction
hanging act
hanging entity
hanging event
hanging execution
hanging punishment
hangman entity
hangman executioner
hangman killer
hangman object
hangman organism
hangman person
hangman whole
hangover abstraction
hangover attribute
hangover condition
hangover discomfort
hangover entity
hangover state
hangover abstraction
hangover act
hangover activity
hangover continuance
hangover entity
hangover event
hangover survival
happen happen
happen chance
happen happen
happening abstraction
happening entity
happening event
happiness abstraction
happiness attribute
happiness emotion
happiness entity
happiness feeling
happiness state
happiness abstraction
happiness attribute
happiness entity
happiness feeling
happiness state
harass annoy
harass act
harass attack
harassment abstraction
harassment anger
harassment annoyance
harassment attribute
harassment emotion
harassment entity
harassment feeling
harassment state
harassment abstraction
harassment act
harassment activity
harassment entity
harassment event
harassment practice
harbor artifact
harbor entity
harbor object
harbor refuge
harbor shelter
harbor structure
harbor whole
harbor feel
harbor give
harbor shelter
harbor supply
harbor transfer
harbor have
harbor keep
harbor hide
hardball abstraction
hardball attitude
hardball cognition
hardball entity
hardball abstraction
hardball act
hardball activity
hardball baseball
hardball diversion
hardball entity
hardball event
hardball game
hardball sport
harden change
hardening abstraction
hardening cognition
hardening entity
hardening evidence
hardening information
hardening symptom
hardening entity
hardening process
hardening abstraction
hardening act
hardening action
hardening change
hardening entity
hardening event
hardness abstraction
hardness attribute
hardness consistency
hardness entity
hardness property
hardness abstraction
hardness attribute
hardness entity
hardness quality
hardness abstraction
hardness attribute
hardness difficulty
hardness entity
hardness quality
hardship abstraction
hardship entity
hardship event
hardship happening
hardship misfortune
hardship trouble
hardware artifact
hardware entity
hardware instrumentality
hardware object
hardware weaponry
hardware whole
hardware artifact
hardware entity
hardware instrumentality
hardware object
hardware whole
hardware component
hardware entity
hardware object
hardware part
hare animal
hare entity
hare mammal
hare object
hare organism
hare vertebrate
hare whole
hare run
hare travel
harem artifact
harem entity
harem housing
harem object
harem structure
harem whole
hark listen
hark perceive
harm change
harm hurt
harm injure
harmfulness abstraction
harmfulness attribute
harmfulness entity
harmfulness quality
harmfulness abstraction
harmfulness attribute
harmfulness entity
harmfulness quality
harmonic abstraction
harmonic cognition
harmonic entity
harmonic perception
harmonic process
harmonic sensation
harmonic sound
harmonic tone
harmonic abstraction
harmonic attribute
harmonic entity
harmonic property
harmonica artifact
harmonica device
harmonica entity
harmonica instrumentality
harmonica object
harmonica whole
harmonization abstraction
harmonization communication
harmonization entity
harmonization harmony
harmonization music
harmonization abstraction
harmonization act
harmonization activity
harmonization cognition
harmonization content
harmonization discipline
harmonization diversion
harmonization entertainment
harmonization entity
harmonization event
harmonization music
harmonization performance
harmonization presentation
harmonization show
harmonization singing
harmony abstraction
harmony attribute
harmony characteristic
harmony compatibility
harmony entity
harmony quality
harmony abstraction
harmony communication
harmony entity
harmony music
harmony abstraction
harmony attribute
harmony entity
harmony order
harmony state
harmony abstraction
harmony act
harmony agreement
harmony entity
harmony event
harmony abstraction
harmony attribute
harmony entity
harmony property
harness artifact
harness device
harness entity
harness instrumentality
harness object
harness support
harness whole
harness artifact
harness entity
harness equipment
harness gear
harness instrumentality
harness object
harness whole
harness attach
harness connect
harness exploit
harness use
harness control
harp artifact
harp device
harp entity
harp instrumentality
harp object
harp whole
harp artifact
harp device
harp entity
harp instrumentality
harp object
harp support
harp whole
harp act
harp communicate
harp inform
harp interact
harp repeat
harp tell
harp play
harp sound
harpsichord artifact
harpsichord device
harpsichord entity
harpsichord instrumentality
harpsichord object
harpsichord whole
harshness abstraction
harshness attribute
harshness entity
harshness property
harshness roughness
harshness texture
harshness abstraction
harshness attribute
harshness entity
harshness quality
harvest consequence
harvest entity
harvest phenomenon
harvest process
harvest abstraction
harvest act
harvest activity
harvest collection
harvest entity
harvest event
harvest gather
harvest grouping
harvest abstraction
harvest entity
harvest measure
harvest season
harvest remove
harvester employee
harvester entity
harvester farmhand
harvester laborer
harvester object
harvester organism
harvester person
harvester whole
harvester worker
harvester workman
harvester artifact
harvester device
harvester entity
harvester instrumentality
harvester machine
harvester object
harvester whole
hash dish
hash entity
hash food
hash matter
hash substance
hash chop
hash cut
hash move
hash separate
hashish agent
hashish drug
hashish entity
hashish matter
hashish narcotic
hashish substance
hassle abstraction
hassle act
hassle conflict
hassle entity
hassle event
hassle fight
hat artifact
hat clothing
hat commodity
hat covering
hat entity
hat headdress
hat object
hat whole
hat abstraction
hat act
hat activity
hat duty
hat entity
hat event
hat function
hat work
hat change
hat dress
hat wear
hat give
hat supply
hat transfer
hatch entity
hatch process
hatch artifact
hatch decoration
hatch design
hatch entity
hatch marking
hatch object
hatch whole
hatch artifact
hatch barrier
hatch entity
hatch object
hatch obstruction
hatch structure
hatch whole
hatch change
hatch decorate
hatch inlay
hatch cut
hatch line
hatch move
hatch notch
hatch score
hatch separate
hatchet artifact
hatchet ax
hatchet cutter
hatchet entity
hatchet implement
hatchet instrumentality
hatchet object
hatchet tool
hatchet whole
hatchway access
hatchway artifact
hatchway entity
hatchway entrance
hatchway object
hatchway way
hatchway whole
hate abstraction
hate attribute
hate emotion
hate entity
hate feeling
hate state
hate dislike
haul move
haul pull
haul move
haul transport
haunch entity
haunch part
haunch thing
haunch entity
haunch part
haunch thing
have act
have interact
have change
have be
have suffer
have gain
have score
haven artifact
haven entity
haven object
haven shelter
haven structure
haven whole
havoc abstraction
havoc act
havoc action
havoc change
havoc disturbance
havoc entity
havoc event
havoc motion
hawk animal
hawk bird
hawk entity
hawk object
hawk organism
hawk vertebrate
hawk whole
hawk adult
hawk entity
hawk object
hawk organism
hawk person
hawk whole
hawk capture
hawk get
hawk hunt
hay entity
hay feed
hay fodder
hay food
hay matter
hay substance
hay change
hay convert
hazard danger
hazard entity
hazard artifact
hazard entity
hazard object
hazard obstacle
hazard obstruction
hazard structure
hazard whole
haze aerosol
haze cloud
haze entity
haze phenomenon
haze process
haze change
haze darken
haze annoy
haze harass
hazel entity
hazel object
hazel organism
hazel plant
hazel tree
hazel whole
hazel abstraction
hazel entity
hazel material
hazel matter
hazel part
hazel relation
hazel substance
hazel wood
hazel abstraction
hazel attribute
hazel brown
hazel color
hazel entity
hazel property
hazelnut entity
hazelnut object
hazelnut organism
hazelnut plant
hazelnut tree
hazelnut whole
hazelnut entity
hazelnut fruit
hazelnut nut
hazelnut object
hazelnut seed
hazelnut whole
haziness abstraction
haziness attribute
haziness entity
haziness quality
haziness abstraction
haziness attribute
haziness cloudiness
haziness entity
haziness opacity
haziness quality
he abstraction
he character
he communication
he entity
he letter
he signal
he symbol
head entity
head part
head thing
head animal
head entity
head object
head organism
head whole
head entity
head leader
head object
head organism
head person
head whole
head abstraction
head arrangement
head entity
head formation
head group
head entity
head phenomenon
head pressure
head process
head entity
head location
head object
head region
head top
head abstraction
head entity
head part
head relation
head word
head abstraction
head attribute
head entity
head point
head shape
head solid
head abstraction
head entity
head measure
head entity
head individual
head object
head organism
head whole
head entity
head object
head organism
head person
head whole
head entity
head object
head abstraction
head attribute
head ball
head bubble
head entity
head foam
head shape
head sphere
head entity
head part
head structure
head thing
head entity
head part
head structure
head thing
head artifact
head entity
head object
head side
head surface
head whole
head artifact
head device
head entity
head instrumentality
head mechanism
head object
head striker
head whole
head area
head artifact
head entity
head object
head room
head structure
head toilet
head whole
head artifact
head entity
head object
head projection
head structure
head whole
head proceed
head travel
head control
head direct
head manage
head be
head become
head originate
head be
head lie
head change
head form
head remove
headache abstraction
headache ache
headache cognition
headache entity
headache evidence
headache information
headache pain
headache symptom
headband artifact
headband band
headband entity
headband object
headband strip
headband whole
headdress artifact
headdress clothing
headdress commodity
headdress covering
headdress entity
headdress object
headdress whole
header artifact
header beam
header device
header entity
header instrumentality
header object
header part
header piece
header support
header whole
header artifact
header brick
header ceramic
header entity
header instrumentality
header object
header whole
header artifact
header beam
header device
header entity
header instrumentality
header object
header part
header piece
header support
header whole
header artifact
header device
header entity
header harvester
header instrumentality
header machine
header object
header whole
header abstraction
header act
header entity
header event
header hit
header touch
header abstraction
header act
header entity
header event
header jump
header propulsion
headgear artifact
headgear device
headgear entity
headgear hoist
headgear instrumentality
headgear object
headgear whole
headgear artifact
headgear entity
headgear equipment
headgear gear
headgear instrumentality
headgear object
headgear whole
heading abstraction
heading communication
heading entity
heading line
heading matter
heading text
heading writing
headline abstraction
headline communication
headline entity
headline heading
headline line
headline matter
headline text
headline writing
headline act
headline advertise
headline announce
headline communicate
headline inform
headline interact
headline give
headline supply
headline transfer
headman entity
headman leader
headman object
headman organism
headman person
headman whole
headmaster adult
headmaster educator
headmaster entity
headmaster object
headmaster organism
headmaster person
headmaster principal
headmaster professional
headmaster whole
headquarter give
headquarter supply
headquarter transfer
headquarters artifact
headquarters entity
headquarters establishment
headquarters object
headquarters office
headquarters structure
headquarters whole
headquarters artifact
headquarters entity
headquarters facility
headquarters object
headquarters whole
headquarters abstraction
headquarters entity
headquarters group
headquarters organization
headquarters unit
headscarf artifact
headscarf clothing
headscarf commodity
headscarf covering
headscarf entity
headscarf garment
headscarf kerchief
headscarf object
headscarf whole
headset artifact
headset device
headset entity
headset instrumentality
headset object
headset whole
headship abstraction
headship act
headship activity
headship entity
headship event
headship occupation
headship position
headship abstraction
headship act
headship activity
headship entity
headship event
headship occupation
headship position
headway abstraction
headway entity
headway event
headway happening
headway movement
headway progress
heal better
heal change
healing entity
healing process
health abstraction
health attribute
health condition
health entity
health fortune
health prosperity
health state
health wellbeing
health abstraction
health attribute
health condition
health entity
health state
heap give
heap transfer
heap change
heap fill
hear perceive
hear analyze
hear investigate
hear probe
hear perceive
hearing abstraction
hearing act
hearing entity
hearing event
hearing proceeding
hearing abstraction
hearing attribute
hearing being
hearing entity
hearing opportunity
hearing possibility
hearing state
hearing abstraction
hearing communication
hearing conference
hearing discussion
hearing entity
hearing session
hearing speech
hearing ability
hearing abstraction
hearing cognition
hearing entity
hearing faculty
hearing sense
hearing sensitivity
heart abstraction
heart cognition
heart content
heart entity
heart idea
heart impression
heart intuition
heart entity
heart organ
heart part
heart thing
heart abstraction
heart attribute
heart character
heart courage
heart entity
heart spirit
heart trait
heart abstraction
heart attribute
heart disposition
heart entity
heart nature
heart trait
heart abstraction
heart attribute
heart entity
heart figure
heart shape
heart entity
heart food
heart matter
heart meat
heart solid
heart abstraction
heart card
heart entity
heart material
heart matter
heart paper
heart part
heart relation
heart substance
heartbeat abstraction
heartbeat attribute
heartbeat entity
heartbeat force
heartbeat influence
heartbeat power
heartbeat quality
heartburn abstraction
heartburn cognition
heartburn entity
heartburn evidence
heartburn information
heartburn symptom
hearth artifact
hearth dwelling
hearth entity
hearth housing
hearth object
hearth structure
hearth whole
hearth area
hearth entity
hearth location
hearth object
hearth region
heartiness abstraction
heartiness attribute
heartiness entity
heartiness honesty
heartiness morality
heartiness quality
heartiness righteousness
heartiness sincerity
heartiness truthfulness
heartland entity
heartland location
heartland object
heartland region
heartlessness abstraction
heartlessness attribute
heartlessness entity
heartlessness feeling
heartlessness state
hearts abstraction
hearts act
hearts activity
hearts entity
hearts event
hearts game
heat energy
heat entity
heat phenomenon
heat process
heat abstraction
heat cognition
heat entity
heat perception
heat process
heat temperature
heat abstraction
heat attribute
heat emotionality
heat entity
heat trait
heat abstraction
heat contest
heat entity
heat event
heat race
heat change
heat give
heat supply
heat transfer
heat change
heater artifact
heater device
heater entity
heater instrumentality
heater object
heater whole
heathen entity
heathen object
heathen organism
heathen person
heathen whole
heather entity
heather object
heather organism
heather plant
heather shrub
heather whole
heating entity
heating process
heave abstraction
heave entity
heave event
heave happening
heave movement
heave rise
heave abstraction
heave entity
heave event
heave happening
heave movement
heave abstraction
heave act
heave action
heave change
heave entity
heave event
heave motion
heave rise
heave abstraction
heave act
heave compression
heave constriction
heave entity
heave event
heave press
heave propulsion
heave push
heave spasm
heave abstraction
heave act
heave entity
heave event
heave propulsion
heave throw
heave utter
heave move
heave throw
heave lift
heave move
heave change
heaven ability
heaven abstraction
heaven cognition
heaven creativity
heaven entity
heaven imagination
heaviness abstraction
heaviness attribute
heaviness entity
heaviness property
heaviness weight
heaviness abstraction
heaviness attribute
heaviness entity
heaviness feeling
heaviness sadness
heaviness state
heavy actor
heavy entertainer
heavy entity
heavy object
heavy organism
heavy performer
heavy person
heavy whole
heavy abstraction
heavy act
heavy acting
heavy activity
heavy character
heavy cognition
heavy content
heavy discipline
heavy entity
heavy event
heavy portrayal
heavyweight boxer
heavyweight combatant
heavyweight entity
heavyweight object
heavyweight organism
heavyweight person
heavyweight whole
heavyweight combatant
heavyweight entity
heavyweight object
heavyweight organism
heavyweight person
heavyweight whole
heavyweight wrestler
heavyweight boxer
heavyweight combatant
heavyweight entity
heavyweight object
heavyweight organism
heavyweight person
heavyweight whole
hedge artifact
hedge barrier
hedge entity
hedge fence
hedge object
hedge obstruction
hedge structure
hedge whole
hedge abstraction
hedge assets
hedge entity
hedge possession
hedge relation
hedge security
hedge abstraction
hedge communication
hedge entity
hedge evasion
hedge falsehood
hedge message
hedge misrepresentation
hedge statement
hedge avoid
hedge surround
hedge touch
hedge enclose
hedge surround
hedge touch
hedge change
hedge decrease
hedge minimize
hedgehog animal
hedgehog entity
hedgehog mammal
hedgehog object
hedgehog organism
hedgehog vertebrate
hedgehog whole
heed adjust
heed change
heed obey
heel bottom
heel boundary
heel entity
heel extremity
heel location
heel object
heel region
heel side
heel surface
heel entity
heel part
heel structure
heel thing
heel end
heel entity
heel extremity
heel location
heel object
heel region
heel end
heel entity
heel extremity
heel location
heel object
heel region
heel entity
heel object
heel part
heel follow
heel travel
heel dance
heel move
heel hit
heel move
heel better
heel change
heel repair
heifer animal
heifer bovine
heifer cattle
heifer cow
heifer entity
heifer mammal
heifer object
heifer organism
heifer vertebrate
heifer whole
heifer young
height abstraction
height attribute
height dimension
height entity
height magnitude
height property
heir entity
heir object
heir organism
heir person
heir recipient
heir whole
heiress entity
heiress heir
heiress object
heiress organism
heiress person
heiress recipient
heiress whole
heirloom abstraction
heirloom entity
heirloom possession
heirloom property
heirloom relation
heirloom abstraction
heirloom entity
heirloom inheritance
heirloom possession
heirloom relation
heist abstraction
heist act
heist activity
heist crime
heist entity
heist event
heist felony
heist robbery
heist transgression
helicopter aircraft
helicopter artifact
helicopter conveyance
helicopter craft
helicopter entity
helicopter instrumentality
helicopter object
helicopter vehicle
helicopter whole
heliport airfield
heliport airport
heliport artifact
heliport entity
heliport facility
heliport object
heliport whole
helium abstraction
helium entity
helium fluid
helium gas
helium matter
helium part
helium relation
helium substance
hell entity
hell location
hell object
hell region
hell abstraction
hell entity
hell event
hell happening
hell trouble
hell ability
hell abstraction
hell cognition
hell creativity
hell entity
hell imagination
hell ability
hell abstraction
hell cognition
hell creativity
hell entity
hell imagination
hell abstraction
hell act
hell activity
hell entity
hell event
hell mischief
hello abstraction
hello communication
hello entity
hello greeting
hello message
helm artifact
helm device
helm entity
helm instrumentality
helm mechanism
helm object
helm whole
helm abstraction
helm act
helm activity
helm entity
helm event
helm leadership
helm control
helm steer
helmet artifact
helmet covering
helmet entity
helmet object
helmet plate
helmet shield
helmet whole
helmet artifact
helmet clothing
helmet commodity
helmet covering
helmet entity
helmet headdress
helmet object
helmet whole
helmsman entity
helmsman mariner
helmsman object
helmsman organism
helmsman person
helmsman sailor
helmsman whole
helmsman worker
help support
help better
help change
help cause
help effect
help make
help serve
help promote
help support
help better
help change
helpfulness abstraction
helpfulness attribute
helpfulness entity
helpfulness quality
helpfulness utility
helping abstraction
helping entity
helping measure
helplessness abstraction
helplessness attribute
helplessness entity
helplessness quality
helplessness abstraction
helplessness attribute
helplessness dependence
helplessness entity
helplessness state
helplessness abstraction
helplessness attribute
helplessness depression
helplessness entity
helplessness feeling
helplessness sadness
helplessness state
hem boundary
hem edge
hem entity
hem extremity
hem limit
hem location
hem object
hem region
hem abstraction
hem communication
hem entity
hem utterance
hem attach
hem connect
hem fasten
hem sew
hem utter
hematologist adult
hematologist doctor
hematologist entity
hematologist object
hematologist organism
hematologist person
hematologist professional
hematologist specialist
hematologist whole
hemisphere entity
hemisphere location
hemisphere object
hemisphere region
hemisphere abstraction
hemisphere attribute
hemisphere entity
hemisphere figure
hemisphere shape
hemisphere entity
hemisphere part
hemisphere structure
hemisphere thing
hemlock entity
hemlock matter
hemlock poison
hemlock substance
hemlock entity
hemlock object
hemlock organism
hemlock plant
hemlock whole
hemlock abstraction
hemlock entity
hemlock material
hemlock matter
hemlock part
hemlock relation
hemlock substance
hemlock wood
hemlock conifer
hemlock entity
hemlock object
hemlock organism
hemlock plant
hemlock tree
hemlock whole
hemoglobin abstraction
hemoglobin chemical
hemoglobin compound
hemoglobin entity
hemoglobin material
hemoglobin matter
hemoglobin molecule
hemoglobin part
hemoglobin protein
hemoglobin relation
hemoglobin substance
hemoglobin thing
hemoglobin unit
hemorrhoid abstraction
hemorrhoid cognition
hemorrhoid entity
hemorrhoid evidence
hemorrhoid information
hemorrhoid pain
hemorrhoid symptom
hemp abstraction
hemp entity
hemp fiber
hemp material
hemp matter
hemp part
hemp relation
hemp substance
hen animal
hen bird
hen chicken
hen entity
hen object
hen organism
hen vertebrate
hen whole
hen animal
hen bird
hen entity
hen object
hen organism
hen vertebrate
hen whole
hen bird
hen chicken
hen entity
hen food
hen matter
hen meat
hen poultry
hen solid
hen animal
hen entity
hen female
hen object
hen organism
hen whole
henna abstraction
henna dye
henna entity
henna material
henna matter
henna part
henna relation
henna substance
henna change
henna color
henna tint
hepatitis abstraction
hepatitis attribute
hepatitis condition
hepatitis disease
hepatitis entity
hepatitis illness
hepatitis state
herald entity
herald messenger
herald object
herald organism
herald person
herald traveler
herald whole
herb entity
herb object
herb organism
herb plant
herb whole
herb entity
herb food
herb foodstuff
herb ingredient
herb matter
herb substance
herbalist entity
herbalist expert
herbalist object
herbalist organism
herbalist person
herbalist therapist
herbalist whole
herbivore animal
herbivore entity
herbivore object
herbivore organism
herbivore whole
herd abstraction
herd entity
herd group
herd abstraction
herd entity
herd group
herd move
herd act
herd crowd
herd interact
herd meet
herd cultivate
herd grow
herd keep
herder employee
herder entity
herder laborer
herder object
herder organism
herder person
herder whole
herder worker
herder workman
here entity
here location
here object
heredity entity
heredity process
heredity abstraction
heredity attribute
heredity entity
heredity property
heresy abstraction
heresy cognition
heresy content
heresy entity
heretic entity
heretic object
heretic organism
heretic outcast
heretic person
heretic unfortunate
heretic whole
heretic entity
heretic object
heretic organism
heretic person
heretic whole
heritage abstraction
heritage cognition
heritage entity
heritage practice
hermaphrodite bisexual
hermaphrodite entity
hermaphrodite object
hermaphrodite organism
hermaphrodite person
hermaphrodite whole
hermit entity
hermit individualist
hermit loner
hermit object
hermit organism
hermit person
hermit whole
hernia abstraction
hernia attribute
hernia condition
hernia entity
hernia injury
hernia rupture
hernia state
hero entity
hero leader
hero object
hero organism
hero person
hero whole
hero abstraction
hero act
hero acting
hero activity
hero character
hero cognition
hero content
hero discipline
hero entity
hero event
hero portrayal
hero ability
hero abstraction
hero cognition
hero creativity
hero entity
hero imagination
heroin agent
heroin drug
heroin entity
heroin matter
heroin narcotic
heroin substance
heroine abstraction
heroine act
heroine acting
heroine activity
heroine character
heroine cognition
heroine content
heroine discipline
heroine entity
heroine event
heroine portrayal
heroine adult
heroine entity
heroine female
heroine object
heroine organism
heroine person
heroine whole
heroine woman
heroism abstraction
heroism attribute
heroism character
heroism courage
heroism entity
heroism spirit
heroism trait
heron animal
heron bird
heron entity
heron object
heron organism
heron vertebrate
heron whole
herpes abstraction
herpes attribute
herpes condition
herpes disease
herpes entity
herpes illness
herpes state
herpes agent
herpes entity
herpes microorganism
herpes object
herpes organism
herpes virus
herpes whole
herring entity
herring food
herring matter
herring seafood
herring solid
herring animal
herring entity
herring fish
herring object
herring organism
herring vertebrate
herring whole
hertz abstraction
hertz entity
hertz rate
hertz relation
hesitate act
hesitate delay
hesitate wait
hesitation abstraction
hesitation attribute
hesitation condition
hesitation doubt
hesitation entity
hesitation state
hesitation abstraction
hesitation act
hesitation entity
hesitation event
hesitation inactivity
hesitation pause
heterosexual entity
heterosexual object
heterosexual organism
heterosexual person
heterosexual whole
heterosexuality entity
heterosexuality process
hex abstraction
hex communication
hex entity
hex speech
hex spell
hex charm
hex control
hexagon abstraction
hexagon attribute
hexagon entity
hexagon figure
hexagon polygon
hexagon shape
hexagram abstraction
hexagram attribute
hexagram entity
hexagram figure
hexagram shape
hexagram star
hiatus artifact
hiatus creation
hiatus entity
hiatus object
hiatus piece
hiatus whole
hibernate lie
hibernate rest
hibernate sleep
hibernate rest
hibiscus entity
hibiscus object
hibiscus organism
hibiscus plant
hibiscus shrub
hibiscus whole
hickey abstraction
hickey attribute
hickey condition
hickey disease
hickey entity
hickey illness
hickey state
hickory abstraction
hickory entity
hickory material
hickory matter
hickory part
hickory relation
hickory substance
hickory wood
hickory entity
hickory object
hickory organism
hickory plant
hickory tree
hickory whole
hide abstraction
hide entity
hide material
hide matter
hide part
hide relation
hide substance
hide covering
hide entity
hide object
hide whole
hideout entity
hideout location
hideout object
hideout point
hierarchy abstraction
hierarchy arrangement
hierarchy entity
hierarchy group
hierarchy series
hierarchy abstraction
hierarchy entity
hierarchy group
hierarchy organization
hieroglyph abstraction
hieroglyph communication
hieroglyph entity
hieroglyph writing
hieroglyph abstraction
hieroglyph communication
hieroglyph entity
hieroglyph orthography
hieroglyph writing
high abstraction
high attribute
high degree
high entity
high property
high atmosphere
high entity
high phenomenon
high process
high weather
high abstraction
high attribute
high condition
high elation
high entity
high state
high abstraction
high attribute
high condition
high elation
high entity
high state
high entity
high location
high object
high point
highbrow entity
highbrow intellectual
highbrow object
highbrow organism
highbrow person
highbrow whole
highland entity
highland object
highlander entity
highlander object
highlander organism
highlander person
highlander serviceman
highlander soldier
highlander whole
highlander worker
highlander entity
highlander inhabitant
highlander object
highlander organism
highlander person
highlander whole
highlight abstraction
highlight detail
highlight entity
highlight part
highlight relation
highlight abstraction
highlight attribute
highlight entity
highlight light
highlight property
highlight better
highlight change
highlight groom
highness aristocrat
highness entity
highness leader
highness object
highness organism
highness person
highness whole
highness abstraction
highness attribute
highness dimension
highness entity
highness height
highness magnitude
highness property
highness abstraction
highness attribute
highness degree
highness entity
highness property
highroad artifact
highroad entity
highroad highway
highroad object
highroad road
highroad way
highroad whole
highway artifact
highway entity
highway object
highway road
highway way
highway whole
hijack abstraction
hijack act
hijack activity
hijack crime
hijack entity
hijack event
hijack transgression
hijack assume
hijack take
hike abstraction
hike act
hike action
hike change
hike entity
hike event
hike motion
hike travel
hike walk
hike move
hike raise
hike travel
hike walk
hilarity abstraction
hilarity attribute
hilarity entity
hilarity feeling
hilarity happiness
hilarity state
hill entity
hill object
hill make
hill shape
hillbilly commoner
hillbilly entity
hillbilly object
hillbilly organism
hillbilly person
hillbilly rustic
hillbilly whole
hilltop entity
hilltop location
hilltop object
hilltop peak
hilltop point
hind animal
hind entity
hind fish
hind object
hind organism
hind vertebrate
hind whole
hind animal
hind deer
hind entity
hind mammal
hind object
hind organism
hind vertebrate
hind whole
hindrance abstraction
hindrance cognition
hindrance difficulty
hindrance entity
hindrance artifact
hindrance entity
hindrance object
hindrance obstruction
hindrance structure
hindrance whole
hindrance abstraction
hindrance act
hindrance entity
hindrance event
hindsight abstraction
hindsight cognition
hindsight entity
hindsight knowing
hindsight process
hindsight understanding
hinge artifact
hinge connection
hinge entity
hinge instrumentality
hinge joint
hinge junction
hinge object
hinge whole
hinge abstraction
hinge attribute
hinge circumstance
hinge condition
hinge entity
hinge state
hinge attach
hinge connect
hint abstraction
hint communication
hint entity
hint message
hint proposal
hint suggestion
hint abstraction
hint communication
hint entity
hint indication
hint act
hint communicate
hint convey
hint impart
hint inform
hint interact
hint tell
hip entity
hip part
hip thing
hip entity
hip joint
hip part
hip thing
hip abstraction
hip angle
hip attribute
hip entity
hip location
hip object
hip shape
hip space
hip entity
hip fruit
hip object
hip whole
hippie entity
hippie object
hippie organism
hippie person
hippie reformer
hippie whole
hippopotamus animal
hippopotamus entity
hippopotamus mammal
hippopotamus object
hippopotamus organism
hippopotamus vertebrate
hippopotamus whole
hire employee
hire entity
hire object
hire organism
hire person
hire whole
hire worker
hire abstraction
hire act
hire entity
hire event
hiss abstraction
hiss entity
hiss event
hiss happening
hiss noise
hiss sound
hiss utter
hiss travel
hiss act
hiss communicate
hiss interact
hiss talk
historian entity
historian intellectual
historian object
historian organism
historian person
historian scholar
historian whole
history abstraction
history attribute
history entity
history past
history time
history abstraction
history communication
history entity
history evidence
history indication
history record
history abstraction
history cognition
history content
history discipline
history entity
history abstraction
history attribute
history continuum
history entity
history time
history abstraction
history cognition
history entity
hit abstraction
hit accomplishment
hit act
hit action
hit entity
hit event
hit feat
hit abstraction
hit act
hit entity
hit event
hit touch
hit abstraction
hit accomplishment
hit act
hit action
hit attainment
hit entity
hit event
hit success
hit agent
hit dose
hit drug
hit entity
hit matter
hit medicine
hit substance
hit abstraction
hit act
hit action
hit change
hit entity
hit event
hit homicide
hit killing
hit murder
hit termination
hit abstraction
hit act
hit action
hit change
hit entity
hit event
hit joining
hit move
hit touch
hit affect
hit change
hit move
hit consume
hit succeed
hit address
hit approach
hit come
hit travel
hitch artifact
hitch connection
hitch entity
hitch instrumentality
hitch object
hitch whole
hitch artifact
hitch device
hitch entity
hitch fastener
hitch instrumentality
hitch knot
hitch object
hitch restraint
hitch whole
hitch abstraction
hitch act
hitch action
hitch change
hitch entity
hitch event
hitch gait
hitch locomotion
hitch motion
hitch walk
hitch attach
hitch connect
hitter entity
hitter mover
hitter object
hitter organism
hitter person
hitter traveler
hitter whole
hive abstraction
hive entity
hive gathering
hive group
hive multitude
hive have
hive keep
hive store
hive act
hive interact
hive meet
hive gather
hoard abstraction
hoard accumulation
hoard assets
hoard entity
hoard gain
hoard income
hoard possession
hoard relation
hoard store
hoard sum
hoard save
hoax act
hoax deceive
hoax interact
hoax treat
hoax wrong
hobbit ability
hobbit abstraction
hobbit cognition
hobbit creativity
hobbit entity
hobbit imagination
hobble impede
hobble prevent
hobby artifact
hobby entity
hobby object
hobby plaything
hobby whole
hobby animal
hobby bird
hobby entity
hobby falcon
hobby hawk
hobby object
hobby organism
hobby vertebrate
hobby whole
hock entity
hock joint
hock part
hock thing
hock change
hock disable
hock hurt
hock injure
hoe artifact
hoe entity
hoe implement
hoe instrumentality
hoe object
hoe tool
hoe whole
hoe change
hoe till
hoe transform
hoe work
hog entity
hog object
hog organism
hog person
hog whole
hog animal
hog entity
hog lamb
hog object
hog organism
hog whole
hog young
hog animal
hog entity
hog mammal
hog object
hog organism
hog swine
hog vertebrate
hog whole
hog take
hoist artifact
hoist device
hoist entity
hoist instrumentality
hoist object
hoist whole
hoist move
hoist raise
hoist move
hoist raise
hoist move
hoist raise
hold abstraction
hold attribute
hold control
hold entity
hold power
hold quality
hold artifact
hold entity
hold object
hold stronghold
hold structure
hold whole
hold area
hold artifact
hold cell
hold entity
hold object
hold room
hold structure
hold whole
hold control
hold direct
hold manage
hold include
hold act
hold continue
hold affirm
hold declare
hold express
hold state
hold be
hold attract
hold capture
hold evaluate
hold think
hold act
hold delay
hold postpone
hold wait
hold prevent
hold control
hold cover
hold aim
hold move
hold position
hold put
hold forget
hold inhibit
hold restrain
hold suppress
holder artifact
holder device
holder entity
holder instrumentality
holder object
holder whole
holder entity
holder object
holder organism
holder owner
holder person
holder whole
holder capitalist
holder entity
holder object
holder organism
holder person
holder whole
hole abstraction
hole attribute
hole entity
hole location
hole object
hole opening
hole shape
hole space
hole artifact
hole entity
hole object
hole opening
hole whole
hole abstraction
hole entity
hole measure
hole abstraction
hole attribute
hole entity
hole location
hole object
hole shape
hole space
hole entity
hole object
hole abstraction
hole attribute
hole defect
hole entity
hole imperfection
hole state
hole hit
hole move
hole change
hole empty
hole hollow
holiday abstraction
holiday day
holiday entity
holiday measure
holiness abstraction
holiness attribute
holiness entity
holiness quality
hollow abstraction
hollow attribute
hollow cavity
hollow entity
hollow location
hollow object
hollow shape
hollow space
hollow entity
hollow object
hollow valley
hollow change
hollow empty
hollowness abstraction
hollowness attribute
hollowness condition
hollowness emptiness
hollowness entity
hollowness state
hollowness abstraction
hollowness attribute
hollowness entity
hollowness property
hollowness shape
holly entity
holly object
holly organism
holly plant
holly tree
holly whole
holocaust abstraction
holocaust act
holocaust action
holocaust change
holocaust destruction
holocaust entity
holocaust event
holocaust termination
home address
home entity
home location
home object
home point
home residence
home entity
home location
home object
home beginning
home entity
home location
home object
home point
home abstraction
home attribute
home entity
home environment
home situation
home state
home artifact
home entity
home establishment
home institution
home object
home structure
home whole
home give
home house
home shelter
home supply
home transfer
home return
home travel
homecoming abstraction
homecoming act
homecoming action
homecoming change
homecoming combination
homecoming entity
homecoming event
homecoming reunion
homecoming union
homeless entity
homeless object
homeless organism
homeless person
homeless unfortunate
homeless whole
homeless abstraction
homeless entity
homeless group
homeless people
homelessness abstraction
homelessness attribute
homelessness condition
homelessness entity
homelessness state
homeostasis abstraction
homeostasis attribute
homeostasis entity
homeostasis equilibrium
homeostasis situation
homeostasis state
homestead abstraction
homestead entity
homestead land
homestead possession
homestead property
homestead relation
homestead abstraction
homestead entity
homestead estate
homestead possession
homestead property
homestead relation
homestead artifact
homestead dwelling
homestead entity
homestead housing
homestead object
homestead structure
homestead whole
homestead settle
hometown district
hometown entity
hometown location
hometown municipality
hometown object
hometown region
hometown town
homework abstraction
homework act
homework activity
homework assignment
homework entity
homework event
homework undertaking
homework work
homicide abstraction
homicide act
homicide action
homicide change
homicide entity
homicide event
homicide killing
homicide termination
homonym abstraction
homonym entity
homonym part
homonym relation
homonym word
homophobia abstraction
homophobia attitude
homophobia bias
homophobia cognition
homophobia entity
homophobia inclination
homophobia partiality
homosexual entity
homosexual object
homosexual organism
homosexual person
homosexual whole
homosexuality entity
homosexuality process
hone artifact
hone entity
hone object
hone stone
hone whetstone
hone whole
hone change
hone sharpen
honesty abstraction
honesty attribute
honesty entity
honesty morality
honesty quality
honesty righteousness
honesty entity
honesty herb
honesty object
honesty organism
honesty plant
honesty whole
honey entity
honey food
honey foodstuff
honey ingredient
honey matter
honey substance
honey change
honeybee animal
honeybee bee
honeybee entity
honeybee insect
honeybee invertebrate
honeybee object
honeybee organism
honeybee whole
honeydew entity
honeydew food
honeydew fruit
honeydew matter
honeydew melon
honeydew object
honeydew produce
honeydew solid
honeydew whole
honeymoon abstraction
honeymoon entity
honeymoon leisure
honeymoon measure
honeymoon vacation
honeymoon abstraction
honeymoon entity
honeymoon measure
honeymoon spend
honeymoon vacation
honor abstraction
honor attribute
honor entity
honor standing
honor state
honor status
honor abstraction
honor attribute
honor entity
honor morality
honor quality
honor righteousness
honor abstraction
honor attribute
honor entity
honor morality
honor quality
honor virtue
honor evaluate
honor prize
honor recognize
honor see
honor think
honor accept
honor get
honorableness abstraction
honorableness attribute
honorableness entity
honorableness morality
honorableness quality
honorableness righteousness
honoree entity
honoree object
honoree organism
honoree person
honoree recipient
honoree whole
hood criminal
hood entity
hood object
hood organism
hood person
hood principal
hood whole
hood covering
hood entity
hood object
hood whole
hood abstraction
hood community
hood entity
hood gathering
hood group
hood neighborhood
hood addition
hood attachment
hood component
hood entity
hood object
hood part
hood artifact
hood covering
hood entity
hood object
hood whole
hood artifact
hood covering
hood entity
hood object
hood whole
hood artifact
hood covering
hood entity
hood object
hood roof
hood whole
hood artifact
hood clothing
hood commodity
hood covering
hood entity
hood headdress
hood object
hood whole
hood artifact
hood covering
hood entity
hood object
hood whole
hood entity
hood part
hood thing
hood cover
hoof entity
hoof extremity
hoof part
hoof thing
hoof entity
hoof part
hoof structure
hoof thing
hoof dance
hoof move
hook artifact
hook catch
hook device
hook entity
hook fastener
hook instrumentality
hook object
hook restraint
hook whole
hook abstraction
hook attribute
hook curve
hook entity
hook line
hook shape
hook artifact
hook device
hook entity
hook instrumentality
hook mechanism
hook object
hook whole
hook artifact
hook entity
hook implement
hook instrumentality
hook object
hook whole
hook abstraction
hook act
hook action
hook change
hook entity
hook event
hook maneuver
hook motion
hook stroke
hook abstraction
hook act
hook action
hook blow
hook change
hook entity
hook event
hook motion
hook punch
hook stroke
hook attach
hook connect
hook fasten
hook hit
hook move
hook steal
hook take
hook hit
hook touch
hook catch
hook seize
hook take
hook hit
hook move
hook play
hook ask
hook challenge
hook communicate
hook convey
hook invite
hook move
hook provoke
hook request
hook transfer
hook give
hook offer
hook supply
hook transfer
hooker contestant
hooker entity
hooker object
hooker organism
hooker person
hooker player
hooker whole
hooker athlete
hooker contestant
hooker entity
hooker object
hooker organism
hooker person
hooker whole
hookworm animal
hookworm entity
hookworm invertebrate
hookworm object
hookworm organism
hookworm whole
hookworm worm
hookworm abstraction
hookworm attribute
hookworm condition
hookworm entity
hookworm fullness
hookworm state
hoop artifact
hoop entity
hoop object
hoop skeleton
hoop structure
hoop whole
hoop artifact
hoop band
hoop entity
hoop object
hoop strip
hoop whole
hoop attach
hoop bind
hoop connect
hoot abstraction
hoot communication
hoot cry
hoot entity
hoot utterance
hoot utter
hop abstraction
hop act
hop entity
hop event
hop jump
hop propulsion
hop entity
hop object
hop organism
hop plant
hop vine
hop whole
hop abstraction
hop affair
hop dance
hop entity
hop event
hop party
hop jump
hop move
hop travel
hop pass
hop travel
hop traverse
hop advance
hop clear
hop pass
hop travel
hop jump
hop move
hope abstraction
hope anticipation
hope attribute
hope entity
hope expectation
hope feeling
hope state
hope abstraction
hope attribute
hope entity
hope feeling
hope state
hope entity
hope object
hope organism
hope person
hope whole
hope abstraction
hope attribute
hope entity
hope good
hope morality
hope quality
hope virtue
hope desire
hope wish
hope desire
hope intend
hope plan
horde abstraction
horde entity
horde gathering
horde group
horde multitude
horde abstraction
horde community
horde entity
horde gathering
horde group
horizon entity
horizon line
horizon location
horizon object
horizon abstraction
horizon attribute
horizon entity
horizon extent
horizon magnitude
horizon property
horizon scope
horizon entity
horizon layer
horizon location
horizon object
horizon region
horizon entity
horizon line
horizon location
horizon object
horizontal abstraction
horizontal direction
horizontal entity
horizontal orientation
horizontal position
horizontal relation
hormone abstraction
hormone entity
hormone matter
hormone part
hormone relation
hormone secretion
hormone substance
horn artifact
horn device
horn entity
horn instrumentality
horn object
horn whole
horn entity
horn part
horn process
horn thing
horn abstraction
horn alarm
horn communication
horn entity
horn signal
horn entity
horn handle
horn object
horn part
horn entity
horn part
horn process
horn thing
horn abstraction
horn entity
horn material
horn matter
horn part
horn relation
horn substance
horn artifact
horn device
horn entity
horn instrumentality
horn object
horn whole
horn alarm
horn artifact
horn device
horn entity
horn instrumentality
horn object
horn whole
horn enter
horn penetrate
horn pierce
hornet animal
hornet entity
hornet insect
hornet invertebrate
hornet object
hornet organism
hornet wasp
hornet whole
hornpipe abstraction
hornpipe act
hornpipe activity
hornpipe cognition
hornpipe content
hornpipe dancing
hornpipe discipline
hornpipe diversion
hornpipe entity
hornpipe event
hornpipe abstraction
hornpipe communication
hornpipe entity
hornpipe music
hornpipe artifact
hornpipe device
hornpipe entity
hornpipe instrumentality
hornpipe object
hornpipe whole
horoscope abstraction
horoscope communication
horoscope entity
horoscope message
horoscope prediction
horoscope statement
horoscope artifact
horoscope creation
horoscope diagram
horoscope drawing
horoscope entity
horoscope object
horoscope representation
horoscope whole
horror abstraction
horror attribute
horror emotion
horror entity
horror fear
horror feeling
horror state
horror entity
horror thing
horse animal
horse entity
horse mammal
horse object
horse organism
horse vertebrate
horse whole
horse artifact
horse entity
horse equipment
horse instrumentality
horse object
horse whole
horse give
horse provide
horse transfer
horseback entity
horseback part
horseback thing
horsehair abstraction
horsehair entity
horsehair fiber
horsehair material
horsehair matter
horsehair part
horsehair relation
horsehair substance
horsehair artifact
horsehair entity
horsehair fabric
horsehair object
horsehair whole
horseman entity
horseman object
horseman organism
horseman person
horseman rider
horseman traveler
horseman whole
horseman admirer
horseman entity
horseman lover
horseman object
horseman organism
horseman person
horseman whole
horsepower abstraction
horsepower entity
horsepower measure
horseshoe artifact
horseshoe entity
horseshoe equipment
horseshoe instrumentality
horseshoe object
horseshoe whole
horseshoe artifact
horseshoe covering
horseshoe entity
horseshoe object
horseshoe plate
horseshoe shield
horseshoe whole
horseshoe equip
horseshoe give
horseshoe supply
horseshoe transfer
hose artifact
hose clothing
hose commodity
hose covering
hose entity
hose garment
hose object
hose whole
hose artifact
hose conduit
hose entity
hose object
hose passage
hose tube
hose way
hose whole
hose change
hose water
hose wet
hospice artifact
hospice entity
hospice housing
hospice object
hospice structure
hospice whole
hospice abstraction
hospice act
hospice activity
hospice care
hospice entity
hospice event
hospice treatment
hospice work
hospital artifact
hospital building
hospital entity
hospital object
hospital structure
hospital whole
hospital abstraction
hospital entity
hospital group
hospital institution
hospital organization
hospitalization abstraction
hospitalization entity
hospitalization measure
hospitalization abstraction
hospitalization attribute
hospitalization condition
hospitalization entity
hospitalization state
hospitalization abstraction
hospitalization act
hospitalization activity
hospitalization care
hospitalization entity
hospitalization event
hospitalization treatment
hospitalization work
host adult
host entity
host object
host organism
host person
host whole
host entity
host object
host organism
host whole
host abstraction
host army
host entity
host force
host group
host organization
host abstraction
host entity
host group
host organization
host entity
host object
host organism
host person
host recipient
host whole
host businessman
host businessperson
host capitalist
host entity
host object
host organism
host owner
host patron
host person
host whole
host bread
host entity
host food
host foodstuff
host matter
host solid
host substance
host act
host entertain
host interact
host socialize
hostage entity
hostage object
hostage organism
hostage person
hostage prisoner
hostage unfortunate
hostage whole
hostel artifact
hostel building
hostel entity
hostel hotel
hostel object
hostel structure
hostel whole
hostel artifact
hostel entity
hostel housing
hostel object
hostel structure
hostel whole
hostess adult
hostess entity
hostess host
hostess object
hostess organism
hostess person
hostess whole
hostess businessman
hostess businessperson
hostess capitalist
hostess entity
hostess host
hostess object
hostess organism
hostess owner
hostess patron
hostess person
hostess whole
hostile abstraction
hostile entity
hostile force
hostile group
hostile organization
hostility abstraction
hostility attribute
hostility disposition
hostility entity
hostility nature
hostility trait
hostility abstraction
hostility attribute
hostility entity
hostility state
hostility abstraction
hostility attribute
hostility emotion
hostility entity
hostility feeling
hostility hate
hostility state
hotbed abstraction
hotbed attribute
hotbed entity
hotbed situation
hotbed state
hotbed bed
hotbed entity
hotbed location
hotbed object
hotbed plot
hotbed region
hotbed tract
hotel artifact
hotel building
hotel entity
hotel object
hotel structure
hotel whole
hotness abstraction
hotness attribute
hotness entity
hotness measure
hotness property
hotness temperature
hotness abstraction
hotness attribute
hotness entity
hotness property
hound animal
hound canine
hound carnivore
hound dog
hound entity
hound mammal
hound object
hound organism
hound vertebrate
hound whole
hound chase
hound pursue
hound travel
hour abstraction
hour entity
hour measure
hour abstraction
hour cognition
hour entity
hour information
hour reading
hour abstraction
hour entity
hour measure
hour abstraction
hour distance
hour entity
hour placement
hour position
hour relation
hour spacing
house artifact
house building
house dwelling
house entity
house housing
house object
house structure
house whole
house abstraction
house community
house entity
house gathering
house group
house abstraction
house audience
house entity
house gathering
house group
house abstraction
house assembly
house entity
house gathering
house group
house legislature
house abstraction
house entity
house family
house genealogy
house group
house kin
house lineage
house abstraction
house act
house activity
house diversion
house entity
house event
house play
house abstraction
house administration
house body
house entity
house group
house management
house artifact
house building
house entity
house object
house structure
house whole
house accommodate
house give
house shelter
house supply
house transfer
housefly animal
housefly entity
housefly fly
housefly insect
housefly invertebrate
housefly object
housefly organism
housefly whole
housekeeper domestic
housekeeper entity
housekeeper object
housekeeper organism
housekeeper person
housekeeper servant
housekeeper whole
housekeeper worker
housewife adult
housewife entity
housewife female
housewife object
housewife organism
housewife person
housewife relative
housewife spouse
housewife whole
housewife wife
housewife woman
housing artifact
housing entity
housing object
housing structure
housing whole
housing artifact
housing covering
housing entity
housing object
housing whole
hover hesitate
hover fly
hover travel
howl abstraction
howl communication
howl entity
howl utterance
howl abstraction
howl cry
howl entity
howl event
howl happening
howl sound
howl abstraction
howl entity
howl event
howl happening
howl noise
howl sound
howl shout
howl utter
hub entity
hub object
hub part
hub area
hub center
hub entity
hub location
hub object
hub region
hubbub abstraction
hubbub entity
hubbub event
hubbub happening
hubbub noise
hubbub sound
huckleberry blueberry
huckleberry entity
huckleberry object
huckleberry organism
huckleberry plant
huckleberry shrub
huckleberry whole
huckleberry entity
huckleberry object
huckleberry organism
huckleberry plant
huckleberry shrub
huckleberry whole
huckleberry berry
huckleberry entity
huckleberry food
huckleberry fruit
huckleberry matter
huckleberry object
huckleberry produce
huckleberry solid
huckleberry whole
hue abstraction
hue attribute
hue entity
hue property
hue change
hug abstraction
hug act
hug activity
hug clasp
hug control
hug embrace
hug entity
hug event
hug grasping
hug touch
hulk artifact
hulk conveyance
hulk craft
hulk entity
hulk instrumentality
hulk object
hulk ship
hulk vehicle
hulk vessel
hulk whole
hull covering
hull entity
hull husk
hull object
hull sheath
hull whole
hull abstraction
hull attribute
hull coil
hull entity
hull shape
hull artifact
hull entity
hull object
hull structure
hull whole
hull remove
hum abstraction
hum entity
hum event
hum happening
hum noise
hum sound
hum act
hum communicate
hum interact
hum sing
hum talk
hum be
hum sound
humanism abstraction
humanism belief
humanism cognition
humanism content
humanism doctrine
humanism entity
humanism abstraction
humanism entity
humanism group
humanism movement
humanist entity
humanist intellectual
humanist object
humanist organism
humanist person
humanist scholar
humanist whole
humanist advocate
humanist entity
humanist object
humanist organism
humanist person
humanist whole
humanitarian benefactor
humanitarian entity
humanitarian object
humanitarian organism
humanitarian person
humanitarian whole
humanitarianism abstraction
humanitarianism belief
humanitarianism cognition
humanitarianism content
humanitarianism doctrine
humanitarianism entity
humanity abstraction
humanity attribute
humanity entity
humanity quality
humanness abstraction
humanness attribute
humanness entity
humanness quality
humble change
humbleness abstraction
humbleness attribute
humbleness entity
humbleness obscurity
humbleness standing
humbleness state
humbleness status
humbug abstraction
humbug communication
humbug entity
humbug falsehood
humbug message
humbug misrepresentation
humbug statement
humbug act
humbug deceive
humbug interact
humbug treat
humbug wrong
humerus bone
humerus entity
humerus part
humerus thing
humerus tissue
humidity abstraction
humidity attribute
humidity condition
humidity entity
humidity state
humidity wetness
humiliate arouse
humiliate hurt
humiliate make
humiliation abstraction
humiliation attribute
humiliation entity
humiliation shame
humiliation standing
humiliation state
humiliation status
humiliation abstraction
humiliation case
humiliation entity
humiliation event
humiliation happening
humiliation abstraction
humiliation act
humiliation action
humiliation change
humiliation degradation
humiliation entity
humiliation event
humility abstraction
humility attribute
humility entity
humility trait
humility abstraction
humility attribute
humility entity
humility feeling
humility state
humming abstraction
humming act
humming activity
humming cognition
humming content
humming discipline
humming diversion
humming entertainment
humming entity
humming event
humming music
humming performance
humming presentation
humming show
humming singing
hummingbird animal
hummingbird bird
hummingbird entity
hummingbird object
hummingbird organism
hummingbird vertebrate
hummingbird whole
hummus condiment
hummus entity
hummus food
hummus foodstuff
hummus ingredient
hummus matter
hummus spread
hummus substance
humor abstraction
humor attribute
humor entity
humor trait
humor abstraction
humor attribute
humor entity
humor quality
humor abstraction
humor entity
humor matter
humor part
humor relation
humor substance
humor give
humor provide
humor transfer
humpback cripple
humpback entity
humpback object
humpback organism
humpback person
humpback whole
humpback animal
humpback entity
humpback mammal
humpback object
humpback organism
humpback vertebrate
humpback whale
humpback whole
hunch abstraction
hunch act
hunch action
hunch bending
hunch change
hunch entity
hunch event
hunch change
hundred abstraction
hundred entity
hundred integer
hundred measure
hundred number
hundredth abstraction
hundredth attribute
hundredth entity
hundredth rank
hundredth state
hundredth status
hunger abstraction
hunger attribute
hunger condition
hunger drive
hunger entity
hunger state
hunger abstraction
hunger attribute
hunger desire
hunger disposition
hunger entity
hunger property
hunger tendency
hunger ache
hunt abstraction
hunt association
hunt club
hunt entity
hunt group
hunt organization
hunt abstraction
hunt cognition
hunt entity
hunt process
hunt search
hunt abstraction
hunt act
hunt activity
hunt entity
hunt event
hunt labor
hunt work
hunt abstraction
hunt act
hunt activity
hunt diversion
hunt entity
hunt event
hunt sport
hunt capture
hunt get
hunt move
hunt deviate
hunt move
hunt turn
hunt move
hunt swing
hunt search
hunt examine
hunt search
hunter entity
hunter object
hunter organism
hunter person
hunter whole
hunter worker
hunter entity
hunter object
hunter organism
hunter person
hunter seeker
hunter whole
hunter artifact
hunter device
hunter entity
hunter instrumentality
hunter instrument
hunter object
hunter watch
hunter whole
hurdle artifact
hurdle barrier
hurdle entity
hurdle object
hurdle obstruction
hurdle structure
hurdle whole
hurdle abstraction
hurdle cognition
hurdle difficulty
hurdle entity
hurdle hindrance
hurdle obstacle
hurdle jump
hurdle move
hurdle vault
hurdler athlete
hurdler contestant
hurdler entity
hurdler object
hurdler organism
hurdler person
hurdler whole
hurling abstraction
hurling act
hurling activity
hurling diversion
hurling entity
hurling event
hurling game
hurling sport
hurricane cyclone
hurricane entity
hurricane phenomenon
hurricane process
hurricane storm
hurricane windstorm
hurry abstraction
hurry attribute
hurry condition
hurry entity
hurry necessity
hurry need
hurry state
hurry urgency
hurt change
hurt damage
hurt arouse
hurt make
hurt perceive
husband entity
husband object
husband organism
husband person
husband relative
husband spouse
husband whole
hush abstraction
hush attribute
hush entity
hush property
hush silence
hush change
hush control
hush forget
hush inhibit
hush restrain
hush suppress
hush better
hush change
hush cleanse
hush groom
hush wash
hush change
hush water
hush wet
husk covering
husk entity
husk object
husk sheath
husk whole
husk remove
hustle move
hustle steal
hustle take
hustle get
hustle receive
hustle induce
hustle persuade
hustler entity
hustler object
hustler opportunist
hustler organism
hustler person
hustler whole
hut artifact
hut entity
hut object
hut shelter
hut structure
hut whole
hyacinth abstraction
hyacinth entity
hyacinth material
hyacinth matter
hyacinth mineral
hyacinth part
hyacinth relation
hyacinth substance
hyacinth entity
hyacinth object
hyacinth organism
hyacinth plant
hyacinth whole
hybrid abstraction
hybrid cognition
hybrid complex
hybrid concept
hybrid content
hybrid entity
hybrid idea
hybrid whole
hybrid entity
hybrid object
hybrid organism
hybrid whole
hybridization coupling
hybridization entity
hybridization process
hydra ability
hydra abstraction
hydra cognition
hydra creativity
hydra entity
hydra imagination
hydra monster
hydra abstraction
hydra cognition
hydra difficulty
hydra entity
hydra trouble
hydra animal
hydra entity
hydra invertebrate
hydra object
hydra organism
hydra whole
hydrocarbon abstraction
hydrocarbon chemical
hydrocarbon compound
hydrocarbon entity
hydrocarbon material
hydrocarbon matter
hydrocarbon part
hydrocarbon relation
hydrocarbon substance
hydroelectricity electricity
hydroelectricity entity
hydroelectricity phenomenon
hydroelectricity process
hydrogen abstraction
hydrogen entity
hydrogen fluid
hydrogen gas
hydrogen matter
hydrogen part
hydrogen relation
hydrogen substance
hydrologist entity
hydrologist geologist
hydrologist object
hydrologist organism
hydrologist person
hydrologist scientist
hydrologist whole
hydrolysis entity
hydrolysis process
hydroplane fly
hydroplane handle
hydroplane manipulate
hydroplane operate
hydroplane touch
hydroxide abstraction
hydroxide chemical
hydroxide compound
hydroxide entity
hydroxide material
hydroxide matter
hydroxide part
hydroxide relation
hydroxide substance
hydroxide abstraction
hydroxide chemical
hydroxide compound
hydroxide entity
hydroxide material
hydroxide matter
hydroxide part
hydroxide relation
hydroxide substance
hyena animal
hyena canine
hyena carnivore
hyena entity
hyena mammal
hyena object
hyena organism
hyena vertebrate
hyena whole
hygiene abstraction
hygiene attribute
hygiene condition
hygiene entity
hygiene state
hygiene abstraction
hygiene cognition
hygiene content
hygiene discipline
hygiene entity
hygiene medicine
hygiene science
hymen entity
hymen membrane
hymen part
hymen thing
hymen tissue
hymn abstraction
hymn communication
hymn entity
hymn music
hymn song
hymn act
hymn communicate
hymn interact
hymn interpret
hymn perform
hymn sing
hymn talk
hymn evaluate
hymn measure
hymn praise
hymn think
hype act
hype communicate
hype inform
hype interact
hype publicize
hype tell
hyperbola abstraction
hyperbola attribute
hyperbola entity
hyperbola figure
hyperbola shape
hyperbole abstraction
hyperbole communication
hyperbole device
hyperbole entity
hypertext abstraction
hypertext communication
hypertext entity
hypertext matter
hypertext text
hypertext writing
hyphen abstraction
hyphen communication
hyphen entity
hyphen mark
hyphen punctuation
hyphen signal
hyphen symbol
hypnosis abstraction
hypnosis attribute
hypnosis condition
hypnosis entity
hypnosis state
hypo abstraction
hypo chemical
hypo compound
hypo entity
hypo material
hypo matter
hypo part
hypo relation
hypo substance
hypocrisy abstraction
hypocrisy communication
hypocrisy entity
hypocrisy falsehood
hypocrisy message
hypocrisy misrepresentation
hypocrisy pretense
hypocrisy statement
hypocrisy abstraction
hypocrisy attribute
hypocrisy dishonesty
hypocrisy entity
hypocrisy immorality
hypocrisy insincerity
hypocrisy quality
hypocrite deceiver
hypocrite entity
hypocrite object
hypocrite organism
hypocrite person
hypocrite whole
hypotenuse abstraction
hypotenuse attribute
hypotenuse entity
hypotenuse figure
hypotenuse flank
hypotenuse shape
hypothesis abstraction
hypothesis communication
hypothesis entity
hypothesis message
hypothesis proposal
hypothesis abstraction
hypothesis cognition
hypothesis concept
hypothesis content
hypothesis entity
hypothesis idea
hypothetical abstraction
hypothetical cognition
hypothetical concept
hypothetical content
hypothetical entity
hypothetical hypothesis
hypothetical idea
hysteria abstraction
hysteria attribute
hysteria emotion
hysteria entity
hysteria fear
hysteria feeling
hysteria state
hysteria abstraction
hysteria attribute
hysteria condition
hysteria disorder
hysteria entity
hysteria neurosis
hysteria state
ibuprofen agent
ibuprofen drug
ibuprofen entity
ibuprofen matter
ibuprofen medicine
ibuprofen substance
ice crystal
ice entity
ice matter
ice solid
ice entity
ice object
ice adornment
ice artifact
ice decoration
ice diamond
ice entity
ice jewel
ice jewelry
ice object
ice whole
ice course
ice dessert
ice entity
ice food
ice matter
ice substance
ice change
ice freeze
ice change
ice cool
iceberg entity
iceberg floater
iceberg object
icebreaker artifact
icebreaker conveyance
icebreaker craft
icebreaker entity
icebreaker instrumentality
icebreaker object
icebreaker ship
icebreaker vehicle
icebreaker vessel
icebreaker whole
icebreaker abstraction
icebreaker act
icebreaker action
icebreaker beginning
icebreaker change
icebreaker entity
icebreaker event
iceman employee
iceman entity
iceman object
iceman organism
iceman person
iceman whole
iceman worker
icing abstraction
icing act
icing action
icing change
icing entity
icing event
icing maneuver
icing motion
icon abstraction
icon communication
icon entity
icon signal
icon symbol
icon art
icon artifact
icon creation
icon entity
icon object
icon painting
icon whole
iconoclast destroyer
iconoclast entity
iconoclast object
iconoclast organism
iconoclast person
iconoclast whole
iconoclast attacker
iconoclast entity
iconoclast object
iconoclast organism
iconoclast person
iconoclast whole
id abstraction
id badge
id cognition
id communication
id emblem
id entity
id evidence
id identification
id indication
id process
id symbol
id ability
id abstraction
id aptitude
id cognition
id entity
id instinct
idea abstraction
idea cognition
idea content
idea entity
idea abstraction
idea belief
idea cognition
idea content
idea entity
idea opinion
ideal abstraction
ideal cognition
ideal content
ideal entity
ideal idea
ideal entity
ideal leader
ideal model
ideal object
ideal organism
ideal person
ideal whole
idealism abstraction
idealism belief
idealism cognition
idealism content
idealism doctrine
idealism entity
idealism abstraction
idealism attribute
idealism entity
idealism quality
idealist entity
idealist object
idealist organism
idealist person
idealist visionary
idealist whole
idealization abstraction
idealization act
idealization activity
idealization admiration
idealization aid
idealization blessing
idealization entity
idealization event
idealization support
idealization abstraction
idealization cognition
idealization entity
idealization process
idealization abstraction
idealization cognition
idealization content
idealization entity
idealization idea
idealize evaluate
idealize see
idealize think
idealize make
identification abstraction
identification communication
identification entity
identification evidence
identification indication
identification abstraction
identification attribute
identification condition
identification entity
identification state
identification abstraction
identification attribute
identification entity
identification identity
identification personality
identifier abstraction
identifier communication
identifier entity
identifier signal
identifier symbol
identify determine
identify evaluate
identify see
identify think
identify associate
identify think
identify recognize
identify remember
identity abstraction
identity attribute
identity entity
identity personality
identity abstraction
identity cognition
identity entity
identity memory
identity process
identity recognition
identity abstraction
identity entity
identity function
identity operator
identity relation
identity abstraction
identity attribute
identity entity
identity quality
identity sameness
ideologist advocate
ideologist entity
ideologist object
ideologist organism
ideologist person
ideologist whole
ideology abstraction
ideology cognition
ideology conjecture
ideology entity
ideology process
ideology reasoning
ideology thinking
idiocy abstraction
idiocy cognition
idiocy entity
idiocy inability
idiocy stupidity
idiom abstraction
idiom communication
idiom entity
idiom saying
idiom speech
idiosyncrasy abstraction
idiosyncrasy attribute
idiosyncrasy entity
idiosyncrasy individuality
idiosyncrasy peculiarity
idiosyncrasy trait
idiot entity
idiot object
idiot organism
idiot person
idiot simpleton
idiot whole
idle abstraction
idle action
idle attribute
idle entity
idle operation
idle state
idleness abstraction
idleness act
idleness entity
idleness event
idleness inactivity
idol artifact
idol creation
idol effigy
idol entity
idol object
idol representation
idol whole
idol actor
idol entertainer
idol entity
idol object
idol organism
idol performer
idol person
idol star
idol whole
idolize adore
idolize love
igloo artifact
igloo entity
igloo object
igloo shelter
igloo structure
igloo whole
ignite burn
ignition combustion
ignition entity
ignition fire
ignition oxidation
ignition process
ignition artifact
ignition device
ignition entity
ignition instrumentality
ignition mechanism
ignition object
ignition whole
ignition abstraction
ignition act
ignition action
ignition burning
ignition change
ignition entity
ignition event
ignoramus entity
ignoramus object
ignoramus organism
ignoramus person
ignoramus whole
ignorance abstraction
ignorance cognition
ignorance content
ignorance entity
ignore act
ignore interact
ignore treat
illegality abstraction
illegality attribute
illegality entity
illegality quality
illegitimacy abstraction
illegitimacy attribute
illegitimacy entity
illegitimacy quality
illiteracy abstraction
illiteracy cognition
illiteracy content
illiteracy entity
illiteracy ignorance
illiteracy abstraction
illiteracy cognition
illiteracy entity
illiteracy inability
illiterate entity
illiterate ignoramus
illiterate object
illiterate organism
illiterate person
illiterate whole
illness abstraction
illness attribute
illness condition
illness entity
illness state
illumination abstraction
illumination attribute
illumination entity
illumination state
illusion abstraction
illusion appearance
illusion cognition
illusion content
illusion entity
illusion representation
illusion abstraction
illusion cognition
illusion content
illusion entity
illusion idea
illustrate make
illustrate picture
illustrate represent
illustrate change
illustrate decorate
illustration abstraction
illustration artwork
illustration communication
illustration entity
illustration artifact
illustration creation
illustration entity
illustration object
illustration representation
illustration whole
image abstraction
image cognition
image content
image entity
image representation
image abstraction
image entity
image set
image abstraction
image appearance
image attribute
image entity
image impression
image quality
image visualize
image watch
imagination ability
imagination abstraction
imagination cognition
imagination creativity
imagination entity
imagination abstraction
imagination cognition
imagination entity
imagination process
imagine make
imaging abstraction
imaging act
imaging activity
imaging entity
imaging event
imaging representation
imbalance abstraction
imbalance attribute
imbalance entity
imbalance situation
imbalance state
imitate produce
imitate reproduce
imitate equal
imitate match
imitate resemble
imitate copy
imitate make
imitation abstraction
imitation belief
imitation cognition
imitation content
imitation doctrine
imitation entity
imitation artifact
imitation copy
imitation creation
imitation entity
imitation object
imitation representation
imitation whole
imitation abstraction
imitation act
imitation activity
imitation continuance
imitation entity
imitation event
imitation repetition
immaturity abstraction
immaturity attribute
immaturity entity
immaturity state
immediacy abstraction
immediacy attribute
immediacy characteristic
immediacy directness
immediacy entity
immediacy quality
immediacy abstraction
immediacy cognition
immediacy entity
immediacy intuition
immediacy process
immediacy abstraction
immediacy attribute
immediacy entity
immediacy pace
immediacy property
immerse enter
immerse penetrate
immerse enclose
immerse surround
immerse touch
immersion abstraction
immersion act
immersion activity
immersion baptism
immersion ceremony
immersion entity
immersion event
immersion sacrament
immigrant entity
immigrant migrant
immigrant object
immigrant organism
immigrant person
immigrant traveler
immigrant whole
immigration abstraction
immigration act
immigration action
immigration change
immigration entity
immigration event
immigration migration
immigration motion
immigration abstraction
immigration body
immigration entity
immigration group
immobility abstraction
immobility attribute
immobility entity
immobility quality
immodesty abstraction
immodesty attribute
immodesty entity
immodesty indecency
immodesty trait
immorality abstraction
immorality attribute
immorality entity
immorality quality
immortal adult
immortal celebrity
immortal entity
immortal object
immortal organism
immortal person
immortal whole
immortality abstraction
immortality attribute
immortality duration
immortality entity
immortality permanence
immortality property
immortality abstraction
immortality afterlife
immortality entity
immortality life
immortality measure
immovability abstraction
immovability attribute
immovability entity
immovability immobility
immovability quality
immune entity
immune object
immune organism
immune person
immune whole
immunity abstraction
immunity attribute
immunity condition
immunity entity
immunity state
immunity abstraction
immunity attribute
immunity entity
immunity property
immunity strength
immunization abstraction
immunization act
immunization activity
immunization entity
immunization event
immunization protection
immunology abstraction
immunology cognition
immunology content
immunology discipline
immunology entity
immunology medicine
immunology science
impact abstraction
impact contact
impact entity
impact event
impact happening
impact consequence
impact entity
impact phenomenon
impact process
impact move
impact wedge
impair change
impair damage
impairment abstraction
impairment act
impairment action
impairment change
impairment damage
impairment entity
impairment event
impart act
impart communicate
impart inform
impart interact
impart tell
impart bring
impart move
impart transport
impartiality abstraction
impartiality attitude
impartiality cognition
impartiality entity
impartiality inclination
impatience abstraction
impatience agitation
impatience attribute
impatience entity
impatience feeling
impatience state
impatience abstraction
impatience attribute
impatience disposition
impatience entity
impatience nature
impatience trait
impeachment abstraction
impeachment communication
impeachment document
impeachment entity
impeachment writing
impede prevent
imperative abstraction
imperative act
imperative duty
imperative entity
imperative event
imperfection abstraction
imperfection attribute
imperfection entity
imperfection state
imperial beard
imperial covering
imperial entity
imperial hair
imperial object
imperial whole
imperial artifact
imperial baggage
imperial case
imperial container
imperial entity
imperial instrumentality
imperial object
imperial whole
imperialism abstraction
imperialism argumentation
imperialism cognition
imperialism entity
imperialism policy
imperialism process
imperialism reasoning
imperialism thinking
imperialism abstraction
imperialism attitude
imperialism cognition
imperialism entity
imperialism orientation
imperialism abstraction
imperialism act
imperialism activity
imperialism control
imperialism entity
imperialism event
imperialist advocate
imperialist believer
imperialist entity
imperialist object
imperialist organism
imperialist person
imperialist supporter
imperialist whole
impermanence abstraction
impermanence attribute
impermanence duration
impermanence entity
impermanence property
impersonation abstraction
impersonation act
impersonation acting
impersonation activity
impersonation cognition
impersonation content
impersonation discipline
impersonation entity
impersonation event
impetuousness abstraction
impetuousness attribute
impetuousness entity
impetuousness trait
implant artifact
implant corrective
implant device
implant entity
implant instrumentality
implant object
implant prosthesis
implant whole
implant attach
implant connect
implant insert
implant attach
implant connect
implant join
implantation entity
implantation process
implantation abstraction
implantation act
implantation activity
implantation entity
implantation event
implantation placement
implantation abstraction
implantation act
implantation activity
implantation entity
implantation event
implantation operation
implantation procedure
implausibility abstraction
implausibility attribute
implausibility entity
implausibility quality
implement artifact
implement entity
implement instrumentality
implement object
implement whole
implement use
implementation abstraction
implementation act
implementation entity
implementation event
implicate involve
implicate refer
implication abstraction
implication accusation
implication charge
implication communication
implication entity
implication message
implication pleading
implication statement
implication abstraction
implication entity
implication relation
implication abstraction
implication connection
implication entity
implication involvement
implication relation
imply act
imply communicate
imply convey
imply express
imply impart
imply inform
imply interact
imply tell
imply act
imply communicate
imply convey
imply express
imply impart
imply inform
imply interact
imply tell
imply have
import artifact
import commodity
import entity
import object
import whole
import entity
import foreigner
import object
import organism
import person
import traveler
import whole
import trade
import move
import transfer
importance abstraction
importance attribute
importance entity
importance quality
importance value
importance worth
importance abstraction
importance attribute
importance entity
importance standing
importance state
importance status
importer businessperson
importer capitalist
importer entity
importer object
importer organism
importer person
importer whole
imposition abstraction
imposition act
imposition enforcement
imposition entity
imposition event
imposition abstraction
imposition burden
imposition cognition
imposition concern
imposition entity
imposition information
imposition stimulation
impossibility abstraction
impossibility attribute
impossibility entity
impossibility nonexistence
impossibility state
impossibility abstraction
impossibility cognition
impossibility entity
impossibility option
impossibility process
impossible abstraction
impossible cognition
impossible entity
impossible impossibility
impossible option
impossible process
impotence abstraction
impotence attribute
impotence condition
impotence entity
impotence state
impoverish deny
impoverish deprive
impoverish have
impoverish keep
impoverish withhold
impregnate change
impregnate fill
impregnate change
impregnate fill
impregnate change
impregnate inseminate
impregnate change
impregnate inseminate
impregnation abstraction
impregnation entity
impregnation material
impregnation matter
impregnation part
impregnation relation
impregnation substance
impregnation diffusion
impregnation entity
impregnation permeation
impregnation process
impress abstraction
impress act
impress appropriation
impress entity
impress event
impress seizure
impress affect
impress change
impress dye
impression abstraction
impression cognition
impression content
impression entity
impression idea
impression abstraction
impression appearance
impression attribute
impression entity
impression quality
impression artifact
impression creation
impression entity
impression object
impression product
impression publication
impression whole
impression work
impression artifact
impression device
impression entity
impression imprint
impression instrumentality
impression object
impression whole
impression abstraction
impression act
impression acting
impression activity
impression cognition
impression content
impression discipline
impression entity
impression event
impression portrayal
impression abstraction
impression act
impression entity
impression event
impression press
impression propulsion
impression push
impressionism abstraction
impressionism entity
impressionism group
impressionism movement
impressionist artist
impressionist creator
impressionist entity
impressionist object
impressionist organism
impressionist painter
impressionist person
impressionist whole
impressiveness abstraction
impressiveness attribute
impressiveness entity
impressiveness excellence
impressiveness quality
impressiveness abstraction
impressiveness attribute
impressiveness entity
impressiveness quality
imprint abstraction
imprint cognition
imprint entity
imprint influence
imprint abstraction
imprint communication
imprint entity
imprint evidence
imprint identification
imprint indication
imprint abstraction
imprint communication
imprint entity
imprint signal
imprint stamp
imprint symbol
imprint artifact
imprint device
imprint entity
imprint instrumentality
imprint object
imprint whole
imprint affect
imprint change
imprint influence
imprison confine
imprisonment abstraction
imprisonment act
imprisonment entity
imprisonment event
imprisonment punishment
imprisonment abstraction
imprisonment act
imprisonment activity
imprisonment confinement
imprisonment control
imprisonment entity
imprisonment event
imprisonment restraint
impromptu abstraction
impromptu act
impromptu address
impromptu entity
impromptu event
impromptu abstraction
impromptu communication
impromptu entity
impromptu music
impromptu passage
improvement abstraction
improvement change
improvement entity
improvement event
improvement happening
improvement transformation
improvement abstraction
improvement act
improvement action
improvement change
improvement entity
improvement event
improvement abstraction
improvement attribute
improvement condition
improvement entity
improvement state
improvisation artifact
improvisation creation
improvisation entity
improvisation object
improvisation whole
improvisation abstraction
improvisation act
improvisation entity
improvisation event
improvisation expedient
improvisation implementation
improvisation means
imprudence abstraction
imprudence attribute
imprudence carelessness
imprudence entity
imprudence trait
impulse abstraction
impulse act
impulse drive
impulse entity
impulse event
impulse propulsion
impunity abstraction
impunity attribute
impunity condition
impunity entity
impunity exemption
impunity state
impurity abstraction
impurity entity
impurity material
impurity matter
impurity part
impurity relation
impurity substance
impurity waste
impurity abstraction
impurity attribute
impurity condition
impurity entity
impurity state
inability abstraction
inability cognition
inability entity
inability abstraction
inability attribute
inability entity
inability quality
inaccessibility abstraction
inaccessibility attribute
inaccessibility entity
inaccessibility inconvenience
inaccessibility quality
inaccuracy abstraction
inaccuracy attribute
inaccuracy entity
inaccuracy quality
inaction abstraction
inaction attribute
inaction entity
inaction state
inactivate change
inactivity abstraction
inactivity act
inactivity entity
inactivity event
inadequacy abstraction
inadequacy attribute
inadequacy entity
inadequacy quality
inapplicability abstraction
inapplicability entity
inapplicability irrelevance
inapplicability relation
inaugurate begin
inaugurate start
inaugurate begin
inaugurate open
inaugurate start
inaugurate begin
inauguration abstraction
inauguration act
inauguration action
inauguration beginning
inauguration change
inauguration entity
inauguration event
inauguration abstraction
inauguration affair
inauguration ceremony
inauguration entity
inauguration event
inauguration initiation
incandescence energy
incandescence entity
incandescence light
incandescence phenomenon
incandescence process
incandescence radiation
incandescence abstraction
incandescence attribute
incandescence entity
incandescence luminosity
incandescence property
incantation abstraction
incantation communication
incantation entity
incantation speech
incantation spell
incapability abstraction
incapability cognition
incapability entity
incapability inability
incapability abstraction
incapability attribute
incapability entity
incapability inability
incapability quality
incapacity abstraction
incapacity cognition
incapacity entity
incapacity inability
incapacity abstraction
incapacity attribute
incapacity entity
incapacity inability
incapacity incapability
incapacity quality
incarnate make
incarnate realize
incarnate be
incarnation abstraction
incarnation belief
incarnation cognition
incarnation content
incarnation doctrine
incarnation entity
incarnation abstraction
incarnation entity
incarnation measure
incarnation time
incense abstraction
incense chemical
incense compound
incense entity
incense material
incense matter
incense part
incense relation
incense substance
incense abstraction
incense aroma
incense cognition
incense entity
incense perception
incense process
incense sensation
incense smell
incentive abstraction
incentive entity
incentive motivation
incest entity
incest process
inch abstraction
inch entity
inch measure
incidence abstraction
incidence entity
incidence frequency
incidence ratio
incidence relation
incidence entity
incidence phenomenon
incidence process
incident abstraction
incident entity
incident event
incident happening
incident abstraction
incident attribute
incident disorder
incident disturbance
incident entity
incident state
incidental abstraction
incidental entity
incidental item
incidental part
incidental relation
incinerate burn
incinerate change
incineration abstraction
incineration act
incineration action
incineration burning
incineration change
incineration entity
incineration event
incision abstraction
incision attribute
incision depression
incision entity
incision shape
incision solid
incision abstraction
incision act
incision action
incision change
incision cut
incision entity
incision event
incision opening
incisiveness abstraction
incisiveness attribute
incisiveness effectiveness
incisiveness entity
incisiveness power
incisiveness quality
incisor bone
incisor entity
incisor part
incisor thing
incisor tissue
incisor tooth
incite ask
incite challenge
incite communicate
incite convey
incite invite
incite move
incite provoke
incite request
incite transfer
inclination abstraction
inclination attitude
inclination cognition
inclination entity
inclination abstraction
inclination angle
inclination attribute
inclination entity
inclination location
inclination object
inclination shape
inclination space
inclination abstraction
inclination angle
inclination attribute
inclination entity
inclination location
inclination object
inclination shape
inclination space
inclination abstraction
inclination attribute
inclination entity
inclination feeling
inclination liking
inclination state
inclination abstraction
inclination act
inclination action
inclination change
inclination entity
inclination event
inclination motion
incline concentrate
incline listen
incline think
incline lower
incline move
incline feel
include evaluate
include see
include think
include add
include change
include increase
inclusion abstraction
inclusion attribute
inclusion entity
inclusion situation
inclusion state
inclusion abstraction
inclusion connection
inclusion entity
inclusion involvement
inclusion relation
inclusion abstraction
inclusion act
inclusion action
inclusion change
inclusion entity
inclusion event
inclusion increase
income abstraction
income assets
income entity
income gain
income possession
income relation
income sum
incompetent entity
incompetent object
incompetent organism
incompetent person
incompetent whole
incompleteness abstraction
incompleteness attribute
incompleteness entity
incompleteness integrity
incompleteness state
inconsistency abstraction
inconsistency attribute
inconsistency difference
inconsistency entity
inconsistency quality
inconvenience abstraction
inconvenience attribute
inconvenience condition
inconvenience discomfort
inconvenience entity
inconvenience state
inconvenience abstraction
inconvenience attribute
inconvenience entity
inconvenience quality
incorporate include
incorporate make
incorporate change
incorporation abstraction
incorporation act
incorporation action
incorporation change
incorporation combination
incorporation consolidation
incorporation entity
incorporation event
incorporation abstraction
incorporation act
incorporation action
incorporation change
incorporation entity
incorporation event
incorporation inclusion
incorporation increase
incorrectness abstraction
incorrectness attribute
incorrectness entity
incorrectness trait
incorrectness abstraction
incorrectness attribute
incorrectness entity
incorrectness quality
incorruptibility abstraction
incorruptibility attribute
incorruptibility entity
incorruptibility honesty
incorruptibility morality
incorruptibility quality
incorruptibility righteousness
increase abstraction
increase change
increase entity
increase event
increase happening
increase entity
increase process
increase abstraction
increase amount
increase attribute
increase entity
increase magnitude
increase property
increase abstraction
increase act
increase action
increase change
increase entity
increase event
increase change
incriminate act
incriminate communicate
incriminate convey
incriminate express
incriminate impart
incriminate inform
incriminate interact
incriminate suggest
incriminate tell
incubation abstraction
incubation act
incubation activity
incubation care
incubation entity
incubation event
incubation work
incubation abstraction
incubation entity
incubation measure
incubation phase
incubator apparatus
incubator artifact
incubator entity
incubator equipment
incubator instrumentality
incubator object
incubator whole
incumbent entity
incumbent holder
incumbent object
incumbent official
incumbent organism
incumbent owner
incumbent person
incumbent whole
incumbent worker
incur affect
incur change
incur subject
incursion abstraction
incursion act
incursion action
incursion arrival
incursion entity
incursion entrance
incursion event
incursion abstraction
incursion act
incursion entity
incursion event
incursion mistake
indebtedness abstraction
indebtedness attribute
indebtedness entity
indebtedness obligation
indebtedness state
indecency abstraction
indecency attribute
indecency entity
indecency trait
indecency abstraction
indecency act
indecency activity
indecency entity
indecency event
indent abstraction
indent communication
indent document
indent entity
indent order
indent writing
indent change
indent format
indent cut
indent move
indent separate
indent change
indent flex
indent cut
indent move
indent notch
indent separate
indentation abstraction
indentation attribute
indentation entity
indentation shape
indentation solid
indentation abstraction
indentation area
indentation attribute
indentation entity
indentation extent
indentation magnitude
indentation property
indentation space
indentation abstraction
indentation act
indentation action
indentation change
indentation entity
indentation event
indenture abstraction
indenture agreement
indenture communication
indenture document
indenture entity
indenture message
indenture statement
indenture writing
indenture abstraction
indenture agreement
indenture communication
indenture contract
indenture document
indenture entity
indenture message
indenture statement
indenture writing
indenture act
indenture interact
indenture relate
independence abstraction
independence attribute
independence entity
independence freedom
independence state
independence abstraction
independence ending
independence entity
independence event
independence happening
independence success
independence victory
index abstraction
index entity
index measure
index scale
index standard
index abstraction
index communication
index entity
index fact
index information
index message
index abstraction
index communication
index database
index entity
index information
index list
index message
index digit
index entity
index extremity
index finger
index part
index thing
index have
index keep
index list
index record
index register
index save
index give
index supply
index transfer
index cause
index determine
index make
indexing abstraction
indexing act
indexing activity
indexing categorization
indexing entity
indexing event
indexing grouping
indicate act
indicate communicate
indicate inform
indicate interact
indicate act
indicate communicate
indicate inform
indicate interact
indicate act
indicate communicate
indicate inform
indicate interact
indication abstraction
indication communication
indication entity
indication abstraction
indication act
indication entity
indication event
indication naming
indication abstraction
indication cognition
indication entity
indication fact
indication information
indication reason
indication abstraction
indication advice
indication communication
indication entity
indication message
indication proposal
indicator abstraction
indicator communication
indicator entity
indicator signal
indicator artifact
indicator device
indicator entity
indicator instrumentality
indicator object
indicator whole
indicator abstraction
indicator entity
indicator material
indicator matter
indicator part
indicator relation
indicator substance
indictment abstraction
indictment communication
indictment document
indictment entity
indictment writing
indictment abstraction
indictment accusation
indictment charge
indictment communication
indictment entity
indictment message
indictment pleading
indictment statement
indifference abstraction
indifference attribute
indifference entity
indifference feeling
indifference state
indignation abstraction
indignation anger
indignation attribute
indignation emotion
indignation entity
indignation feeling
indignation state
indignity abstraction
indignity act
indignity activity
indignity behavior
indignity entity
indignity event
indignity insult
indigo entity
indigo object
indigo organism
indigo plant
indigo shrub
indigo whole
indigo abstraction
indigo attribute
indigo color
indigo entity
indigo property
indigo purple
indigo violet
indiscipline abstraction
indiscipline attribute
indiscipline entity
indiscipline trait
indiscretion abstraction
indiscretion attribute
indiscretion entity
indiscretion folly
indiscretion trait
indiscretion abstraction
indiscretion act
indiscretion activity
indiscretion entity
indiscretion event
individual entity
individual object
individual organism
individual whole
individualism abstraction
individualism belief
individualism cognition
individualism content
individualism entity
individualism abstraction
individualism belief
individualism cognition
individualism content
individualism doctrine
individualism entity
individualist entity
individualist object
individualist organism
individualist person
individualist whole
individuality abstraction
individuality attribute
individuality entity
individuality trait
induce generate
induce make
induce cause
induce effect
induce make
induce reason
induce think
induce make
induce produce
inducement abstraction
inducement act
inducement causing
inducement entity
inducement event
induct install
induct receive
induct act
induct communicate
induct inform
induct interact
induct teach
induction entity
induction phenomenon
induction process
induction abstraction
induction act
induction action
induction beginning
induction change
induction entity
induction event
induction introduction
inductor artifact
inductor device
inductor entity
inductor instrumentality
inductor object
inductor whole
indulge consume
indulge give
indulge pay
indulge spend
indulge transfer
indulgence abstraction
indulgence attribute
indulgence entity
indulgence indiscipline
indulgence trait
indulgence abstraction
indulgence attribute
indulgence disposition
indulgence entity
indulgence nature
indulgence trait
indulgence abstraction
indulgence act
indulgence action
indulgence change
indulgence entity
indulgence event
indulgence gratification
indulgence satisfaction
indulgence absolution
indulgence abstraction
indulgence act
indulgence entity
indulgence event
indulgence recovery
indulgence redemption
indulgence rescue
industrialism abstraction
industrialism economy
industrialism entity
industrialism group
industrialism system
industrialist businessman
industrialist businessperson
industrialist capitalist
industrialist entity
industrialist object
industrialist organism
industrialist person
industrialist whole
industrialization abstraction
industrialization act
industrialization commerce
industrialization entity
industrialization event
industrialization industry
industrialization transaction
industry abstraction
industry enterprise
industry entity
industry group
industry organization
industry abstraction
industry act
industry commerce
industry entity
industry event
industry transaction
inefficiency abstraction
inefficiency cognition
inefficiency entity
inefficiency inability
inequality abstraction
inequality attribute
inequality difference
inequality entity
inequality quality
inertia entity
inertia phenomenon
inertia process
inertness abstraction
inertness attribute
inertness entity
inertness immobility
inertness quality
inevitable abstraction
inevitable destiny
inevitable entity
inevitable event
inevitable happening
inexperience abstraction
inexperience cognition
inexperience content
inexperience entity
inexperience ignorance
infallibility abstraction
infallibility attribute
infallibility entity
infallibility responsibility
infallibility trait
infallibility trustworthiness
infamy abstraction
infamy attribute
infamy entity
infamy standing
infamy state
infamy status
infamy abstraction
infamy attribute
infamy entity
infamy standing
infamy state
infamy status
infancy abstraction
infancy entity
infancy measure
infancy abstraction
infancy attribute
infancy entity
infancy immaturity
infancy state
infantry abstraction
infantry entity
infantry group
infantry organization
infantry unit
infantryman entity
infantryman object
infantryman organism
infantryman person
infantryman serviceman
infantryman soldier
infantryman whole
infantryman worker
infatuate arouse
infatuate make
infatuation abstraction
infatuation attribute
infatuation entity
infatuation feeling
infatuation passion
infatuation state
infatuation abstraction
infatuation cognition
infatuation content
infatuation entity
infatuation object
infect give
infect change
infect dirty
infect pollute
infect change
infect corrupt
infect affect
infection abstraction
infection attribute
infection condition
infection entity
infection state
infection entity
infection process
infection entity
infection process
infection abstraction
infection entity
infection event
infection happening
infection incident
infection abstraction
infection attribute
infection corruptness
infection dishonesty
infection entity
infection immorality
infection quality
infection abstraction
infection attribute
infection entity
infection illegality
infection quality
inference abstraction
inference cognition
inference entity
inference process
inference reasoning
inference thinking
inferior entity
inferior follower
inferior object
inferior organism
inferior person
inferior whole
inferiority abstraction
inferiority attribute
inferiority entity
inferiority state
inferiority status
inferiority abstraction
inferiority attribute
inferiority degree
inferiority entity
inferiority property
inferiority quality
inferiority abstraction
inferiority attribute
inferiority bad
inferiority disadvantage
inferiority entity
inferiority liability
inferiority quality
infernal entity
infernal object
infernal organism
infernal person
infernal whole
infidelity abstraction
infidelity attribute
infidelity entity
infidelity quality
infielder athlete
infielder contestant
infielder entity
infielder fielder
infielder object
infielder organism
infielder person
infielder player
infielder whole
infiltrate enter
infiltrate penetrate
infiltrate join
infiltrate enter
infiltrate penetrate
infiltrate pass
infiltrate travel
infiltration abstraction
infiltration act
infiltration activity
infiltration attack
infiltration entity
infiltration event
infiltration operation
infiltration penetration
infinitive abstraction
infinitive class
infinitive collection
infinitive entity
infinitive group
infinitive verb
inflame change
inflame worsen
inflame arouse
inflame make
inflame change
inflame worsen
inflammation abstraction
inflammation cognition
inflammation entity
inflammation evidence
inflammation information
inflammation symptom
inflammation abstraction
inflammation act
inflammation action
inflammation arousal
inflammation change
inflammation entity
inflammation event
inflate change
inflate increase
inflate change
inflate enlarge
inflate expand
inflate increase
inflate change
inflate decrease
inflate reduce
inflation entity
inflation process
inflation abstraction
inflation discharge
inflation entity
inflation event
inflation explosion
inflation happening
inflation abstraction
inflation act
inflation action
inflation change
inflation entity
inflation event
inflation expansion
inflation increase
inflection abstraction
inflection entity
inflection relation
inflection abstraction
inflection change
inflection deviation
inflection entity
inflection event
inflection happening
inflection variation
inflict act
inflict communicate
inflict interact
infliction abstraction
infliction act
infliction activity
infliction entity
infliction event
inflow entity
inflow flow
inflow process
influence abstraction
influence attribute
influence entity
influence power
influence quality
influence abstraction
influence act
influence causing
influence entity
influence event
influence abstraction
influence cognition
influence entity
influence consequence
influence entity
influence phenomenon
influence process
influence entity
influence power
influence affect
influence change
influenza abstraction
influenza attribute
influenza condition
influenza disease
influenza entity
influenza illness
influenza state
inform act
inform communicate
inform interact
inform change
inform act
inform communicate
inform inform
inform interact
information abstraction
information communication
information entity
information message
information abstraction
information cognition
information entity
information abstraction
information accusation
information charge
information communication
information entity
information message
information pleading
information statement
information abstraction
information entity
information measure
informer entity
informer object
informer organism
informer person
informer whole
infrared abstraction
infrared entity
infrared frequency
infrared rate
infrared relation
infrared energy
infrared entity
infrared phenomenon
infrared process
infrared radiation
infrastructure abstraction
infrastructure attribute
infrastructure constitution
infrastructure entity
infrastructure property
infrastructure structure
infrastructure abstraction
infrastructure accumulation
infrastructure assets
infrastructure entity
infrastructure gain
infrastructure income
infrastructure possession
infrastructure relation
infrastructure store
infrastructure sum
infusion abstraction
infusion entity
infusion matter
infusion mixture
infusion part
infusion relation
infusion solution
infusion substance
infusion entity
infusion extraction
infusion process
infusion abstraction
infusion act
infusion action
infusion change
infusion entity
infusion event
infusion insertion
infusion movement
infusion abstraction
infusion act
infusion action
infusion change
infusion entity
infusion event
ingenuity abstraction
ingenuity attribute
ingenuity degree
ingenuity entity
ingenuity property
ingenuity quality
ingenuity superiority
ingenuousness abstraction
ingenuousness attribute
ingenuousness entity
ingenuousness honesty
ingenuousness morality
ingenuousness quality
ingenuousness righteousness
ingratitude abstraction
ingratitude attribute
ingratitude entity
ingratitude feeling
ingratitude state
ingredient component
ingredient entity
ingredient object
ingredient part
ingredient entity
ingredient food
ingredient foodstuff
ingredient matter
ingredient substance
inhabit be
inhabitant entity
inhabitant object
inhabitant organism
inhabitant person
inhabitant whole
inhalation breath
inhalation entity
inhalation process
inhaler artifact
inhaler container
inhaler entity
inhaler instrumentality
inhaler object
inhaler whole
inherit get
inherit receive
inheritance abstraction
inheritance acquisition
inheritance act
inheritance entity
inheritance event
inheritance abstraction
inheritance entity
inheritance possession
inheritance relation
inheritance abstraction
inheritance attribute
inheritance entity
inheritance heredity
inheritance property
inheritance abstraction
inheritance attribute
inheritance entity
inhibit control
inhibit forget
inhibit inhibit
inhibit restrain
inhibit restrict
inhibit suppress
inhibit impede
inhibit prevent
inhibit forget
inhibit suppress
inhibition abstinence
inhibition abstraction
inhibition act
inhibition activity
inhibition control
inhibition entity
inhibition event
inhibition abstraction
inhibition attribute
inhibition discipline
inhibition entity
inhibition restraint
inhibition trait
inhibition entity
inhibition process
inhibitor entity
inhibitor matter
inhibitor substance
initial abstraction
initial character
initial communication
initial entity
initial letter
initial signal
initial symbol
initial contract
initial declare
initial express
initial promise
initial sign
initial state
initialize determine
initiate entity
initiate intellectual
initiate object
initiate organism
initiate person
initiate scholar
initiate whole
initiate abstraction
initiate entity
initiate group
initiate people
initiate cause
initiate make
initiate accept
initiate act
initiate admit
initiate permit
initiate react
initiation abstraction
initiation affair
initiation ceremony
initiation entity
initiation event
initiation abstraction
initiation act
initiation action
initiation beginning
initiation change
initiation entity
initiation event
inject administer
inject treat
inject add
inject change
inject increase
inject insert
inject move
inject put
inject consume
inject drug
inject feed
inject give
inject provide
inject transfer
injection abstraction
injection act
injection action
injection change
injection entity
injection event
injection insertion
injection movement
injection abstraction
injection entity
injection matter
injection mixture
injection part
injection relation
injection solution
injection substance
injection abstraction
injection act
injection activity
injection care
injection entity
injection event
injection treatment
injection work
injector appliance
injector artifact
injector device
injector entity
injector instrumentality
injector object
injector whole
injunction abstraction
injunction act
injunction command
injunction entity
injunction event
injunction abstraction
injunction act
injunction communication
injunction decree
injunction document
injunction entity
injunction prohibition
injunction writing
injure change
injure hurt
injury abstraction
injury attribute
injury condition
injury entity
injury state
injury abstraction
injury accident
injury entity
injury event
injury happening
injury misfortune
injury mishap
injury trouble
injury abstraction
injury act
injury activity
injury entity
injury event
injury abstraction
injury act
injury activity
injury entity
injury event
injustice abstraction
injustice act
injustice activity
injustice entity
injustice event
injustice abstraction
injustice attribute
injustice entity
injustice immorality
injustice quality
ink abstraction
ink entity
ink fluid
ink liquid
ink matter
ink part
ink relation
ink substance
ink abstraction
ink entity
ink matter
ink part
ink relation
ink substance
ink contract
ink declare
ink express
ink promise
ink sign
ink state
ink change
ink mark
ink change
ink fill
inkling abstraction
inkling cognition
inkling content
inkling entity
inkling idea
inkling suggestion
inlay artifact
inlay device
inlay entity
inlay filling
inlay instrumentality
inlay object
inlay whole
inlay artifact
inlay decoration
inlay entity
inlay object
inlay whole
inlay change
inlay decorate
inlet entity
inlet thing
inmate entity
inmate inhabitant
inmate object
inmate organism
inmate person
inmate resident
inmate whole
inning abstraction
inning cognition
inning concept
inning content
inning entity
inning idea
inning part
innings abstraction
innings act
innings activity
innings entity
innings event
innings turn
innocence abstraction
innocence attribute
innocence condition
innocence entity
innocence state
innocent entity
innocent object
innocent organism
innocent person
innocent whole
inoculation abstraction
inoculation act
inoculation activity
inoculation entity
inoculation event
inoculation immunization
inoculation protection
input component
input entity
input object
input part
input attach
input connect
input insert
inquirer entity
inquirer object
inquirer organism
inquirer person
inquirer speaker
inquirer whole
inquiry abstraction
inquiry cognition
inquiry entity
inquiry process
inquiry thinking
inquiry abstraction
inquiry act
inquiry activity
inquiry entity
inquiry event
inquiry investigation
inquiry work
inquisition abstraction
inquisition assembly
inquisition court
inquisition entity
inquisition gathering
inquisition group
inquisition abstraction
inquisition act
inquisition entity
inquisition event
inquisition interrogation
inquisition request
inquisitor entity
inquisitor inquirer
inquisitor object
inquisitor organism
inquisitor person
inquisitor speaker
inquisitor whole
inquisitor entity
inquisitor object
inquisitor official
inquisitor organism
inquisitor person
inquisitor whole
inquisitor worker
insanity abstraction
insanity attribute
insanity condition
insanity entity
insanity state
inscribe change
inscribe mark
inscribe trace
inscribe have
inscribe keep
inscribe record
inscribe save
inscribe act
inscribe communicate
inscribe dedicate
inscribe give
inscribe interact
inscription abstraction
inscription communication
inscription entity
inscription writing
inscription abstraction
inscription act
inscription activity
inscription entity
inscription event
inscription writing
insect animal
insect entity
insect invertebrate
insect object
insect organism
insect whole
insecticide abstraction
insecticide chemical
insecticide entity
insecticide material
insecticide matter
insecticide part
insecticide pesticide
insecticide relation
insecticide substance
insecurity abstraction
insecurity attribute
insecurity condition
insecurity danger
insecurity entity
insecurity state
insecurity abstraction
insecurity anxiety
insecurity attribute
insecurity emotion
insecurity entity
insecurity feeling
insecurity state
inseminate move
inseminate put
inseminate sow
inseminate change
insemination abstraction
insemination act
insemination commerce
insemination cultivation
insemination entity
insemination event
insemination farming
insemination industry
insemination planting
insemination production
insemination transaction
insemination entity
insemination process
insert abstraction
insert communication
insert entity
insert music
insert section
insert writing
insert artifact
insert entity
insert object
insert whole
insert attach
insert connect
insert move
insert put
insertion abstraction
insertion act
insertion action
insertion change
insertion entity
insertion event
insertion movement
inset artifact
inset creation
inset entity
inset object
inset picture
inset representation
inset whole
inset insert
inset move
inset put
inside entity
inside location
inside object
inside region
inside boundary
inside entity
inside extremity
inside location
inside object
inside region
inside surface
insider administrator
insider entity
insider executive
insider head
insider leader
insider object
insider organism
insider person
insider whole
insidiousness abstraction
insidiousness attribute
insidiousness entity
insidiousness harmfulness
insidiousness quality
insidiousness abstraction
insidiousness attribute
insidiousness disloyalty
insidiousness entity
insidiousness infidelity
insidiousness quality
insight abstraction
insight attribute
insight entity
insight feeling
insight sensibility
insight sensitivity
insight state
insight abstraction
insight cognition
insight entity
insight knowing
insight process
insight understanding
insight abstraction
insight cognition
insight entity
insight intuition
insight process
insignia abstraction
insignia badge
insignia cognition
insignia emblem
insignia entity
insignia process
insignia symbol
insignificance abstraction
insignificance attribute
insignificance entity
insignificance quality
insignificance value
insignificance worth
insincerity abstraction
insincerity attribute
insincerity dishonesty
insincerity entity
insincerity immorality
insincerity quality
insinuation abstraction
insinuation accusation
insinuation charge
insinuation communication
insinuation entity
insinuation implication
insinuation message
insinuation pleading
insinuation statement
insist assume
insist evaluate
insist expect
insist postulate
insist presuppose
insist think
insistence abstraction
insistence communication
insistence demand
insistence entity
insistence message
insistence request
insistence abstraction
insistence act
insistence activity
insistence advocacy
insistence aid
insistence entity
insistence event
insistence support
insolence abstraction
insolence act
insolence activity
insolence behavior
insolence entity
insolence event
insomnia abstraction
insomnia attribute
insomnia condition
insomnia disorder
insomnia entity
insomnia state
inspect examine
inspection abstraction
inspection act
inspection activity
inspection entity
inspection event
inspection examination
inspection investigation
inspection work
inspector defender
inspector entity
inspector object
inspector organism
inspector person
inspector policeman
inspector whole
inspiration abstraction
inspiration cognition
inspiration content
inspiration entity
inspiration idea
inspiration artifact
inspiration creation
inspiration entity
inspiration object
inspiration product
inspiration whole
inspiration abstraction
inspiration cognition
inspiration entity
inspiration intuition
inspiration process
inspiration abstraction
inspiration act
inspiration action
inspiration arousal
inspiration change
inspiration entity
inspiration event
inspire arouse
inspire make
inspire stimulate
inspire cause
inspire make
inspire occasion
instability abstraction
instability attribute
instability disorder
instability entity
instability state
instability abstraction
instability attribute
instability entity
instability trait
instability abstraction
instability attribute
instability entity
instability quality
install move
install put
installation abstraction
installation act
installation action
installation beginning
installation change
installation entity
installation event
installment abstraction
installment cost
installment entity
installment payment
installment possession
installment relation
installment abstraction
installment communication
installment entity
installment matter
installment text
installment writing
instep arch
instep entity
instep part
instep structure
instep thing
instep artifact
instep covering
instep entity
instep object
instep whole
instigator entity
instigator object
instigator organism
instigator person
instigator whole
instigator entity
instigator leader
instigator object
instigator organism
instigator person
instigator whole
instill change
instill lend
instill attach
instill connect
instill insert
instinct ability
instinct abstraction
instinct aptitude
instinct cognition
instinct entity
institute abstraction
institute association
institute entity
institute group
institute organization
institute make
institution abstraction
institution entity
institution group
institution organization
institution artifact
institution entity
institution establishment
institution object
institution structure
institution whole
institution abstraction
institution cognition
institution custom
institution entity
institution practice
instruct ask
instruct communicate
instruct convey
instruct move
instruct order
instruct request
instruct transfer
instruct act
instruct communicate
instruct inform
instruct interact
instruction abstraction
instruction code
instruction communication
instruction entity
instruction writing
instrument artifact
instrument device
instrument entity
instrument instrumentality
instrument object
instrument whole
instrument abstraction
instrument act
instrument entity
instrument event
instrument implementation
instrument means
instrument assistant
instrument entity
instrument object
instrument organism
instrument person
instrument whole
instrument worker
instrument equip
instrument give
instrument supply
instrument transfer
instrument compose
instrument make
instrument address
instrument designate
instrument label
instrumentality abstraction
instrumentality entity
instrumentality group
instrumentality organization
instrumentality unit
instrumentality abstraction
instrumentality attribute
instrumentality entity
instrumentality quality
instrumentality utility
instrumentality artifact
instrumentality entity
instrumentality object
instrumentality whole
insufficiency abstraction
insufficiency attribute
insufficiency entity
insufficiency imperfection
insufficiency state
insufficiency abstraction
insufficiency attribute
insufficiency entity
insufficiency inability
insufficiency quality
insufficiency abstraction
insufficiency amount
insufficiency attribute
insufficiency entity
insufficiency magnitude
insufficiency property
insulation abstraction
insulation attribute
insulation entity
insulation isolation
insulation separation
insulation state
insulation abstraction
insulation act
insulation activity
insulation entity
insulation event
insulation protection
insulator abstraction
insulator entity
insulator material
insulator matter
insulator part
insulator relation
insulator substance
insulin abstraction
insulin agent
insulin entity
insulin hormone
insulin matter
insulin part
insulin relation
insulin secretion
insulin substance
insult abstraction
insult act
insult activity
insult behavior
insult entity
insult event
insurance abstraction
insurance assets
insurance entity
insurance possession
insurance relation
insurance security
insure defend
insure prevent
insure protect
insured entity
insured object
insured organism
insured person
insured whole
insurgency abstraction
insurgency act
insurgency conflict
insurgency entity
insurgency event
insurgency rebellion
insurgent entity
insurgent object
insurgent organism
insurgent person
insurgent radical
insurgent reformer
insurgent revolutionist
insurgent whole
intake artifact
intake entity
intake object
intake opening
intake whole
intangibility abstraction
intangibility attribute
intangibility entity
intangibility quality
intangible abstraction
intangible assets
intangible entity
intangible possession
intangible relation
integer abstraction
integer entity
integer measure
integer number
integral abstraction
integral calculation
integral cognition
integral entity
integral process
integral thinking
integrate change
integrate compound
integrate mix
integrate change
integrate calculate
integrate reason
integrate think
integration abstraction
integration act
integration entity
integration event
integration abstraction
integration act
integration activity
integration calculation
integration entity
integration event
integration procedure
integrator artifact
integrator device
integrator entity
integrator instrumentality
integrator instrument
integrator object
integrator whole
integrity abstraction
integrity attribute
integrity entity
integrity state
integrity abstraction
integrity attribute
integrity entity
integrity honesty
integrity morality
integrity quality
integrity righteousness
intellectual entity
intellectual object
intellectual organism
intellectual person
intellectual whole
intelligence ability
intelligence abstraction
intelligence cognition
intelligence entity
intelligence abstraction
intelligence entity
intelligence group
intelligence organization
intelligence unit
intelligence abstraction
intelligence communication
intelligence entity
intelligence information
intelligence message
intelligence abstraction
intelligence act
intelligence activity
intelligence entity
intelligence event
intelligence operation
intelligibility abstraction
intelligibility attribute
intelligibility comprehensibility
intelligibility entity
intelligibility quality
intend plan
intend think
intensification abstraction
intensification act
intensification action
intensification change
intensification entity
intensification event
intensification increase
intensification abstraction
intensification act
intensification action
intensification change
intensification entity
intensification event
intensification increase
intensifier abstraction
intensifier entity
intensifier modifier
intensifier part
intensifier relation
intensifier word
intensify change
intensify increase
intensify change
intensify increase
intensify change
intensity abstraction
intensity attribute
intensity entity
intensity magnitude
intensity property
intensity abstraction
intensity attribute
intensity degree
intensity entity
intensity property
intent abstraction
intent communication
intent entity
intent meaning
intent message
intention abstraction
intention cognition
intention content
intention entity
intention goal
intention abstraction
intention act
intention action
intention choice
intention entity
intention event
intention volition
intentionality abstraction
intentionality attribute
intentionality deliberation
intentionality entity
intentionality trait
interact act
interaction abstraction
interaction act
interaction action
interaction entity
interaction event
interaction entity
interaction phenomenon
interaction process
intercede act
intercede communicate
intercede interact
intercede talk
intercept abstraction
intercept cognition
intercept component
intercept concept
intercept content
intercept entity
intercept idea
intercept part
intercept point
intercept catch
intercept seize
intercept take
interception abstraction
interception act
interception entity
interception event
interception hindrance
interception prevention
interception abstraction
interception act
interception catch
interception entity
interception event
interception touch
interchange entity
interchange junction
interchange location
interchange object
interchange point
interchange abstraction
interchange act
interchange action
interchange entity
interchange event
interchange interaction
interchange change
interconnection abstraction
interconnection attribute
interconnection connection
interconnection entity
interconnection state
interconnection union
interconnection abstraction
interconnection act
interconnection action
interconnection change
interconnection entity
interconnection event
interconnection joining
intercourse abstraction
intercourse act
intercourse communication
intercourse entity
intercourse event
interest abstraction
interest attribute
interest condition
interest curiosity
interest entity
interest state
interest abstraction
interest attribute
interest entity
interest power
interest quality
interest abstraction
interest charge
interest cost
interest entity
interest possession
interest relation
interest abstraction
interest assets
interest entity
interest possession
interest relation
interest share
interest abstraction
interest entity
interest group
interest arouse
interest make
interface boundary
interface entity
interface extremity
interface location
interface object
interface region
interface surface
interface abstraction
interface code
interface communication
interface entity
interface program
interface software
interface writing
interface abstraction
interface cognition
interface content
interface entity
interface overlap
interface representation
interface artifact
interface circuit
interface device
interface entity
interface instrumentality
interface object
interface whole
interfere impede
interfere prevent
interference abstraction
interference act
interference action
interference blocking
interference change
interference entity
interference event
interference maneuver
interference motion
interference obstruction
interim abstraction
interim entity
interim measure
interjection abstraction
interjection act
interjection break
interjection delay
interjection entity
interjection event
interjection inactivity
interlock artifact
interlock device
interlock entity
interlock instrumentality
interlock object
interlock whole
interlock arrange
interlock move
interlock organize
interlock put
interlock clasp
interlock embrace
interlock grasp
interlock hold
interlude abstraction
interlude entity
interlude measure
interlude abstraction
interlude act
interlude activity
interlude diversion
interlude entertainment
interlude entity
interlude event
interlude show
interlude make
interlude perform
intermediate abstraction
intermediate chemical
intermediate entity
intermediate material
intermediate matter
intermediate part
intermediate relation
intermediate substance
intern adult
intern doctor
intern entity
intern object
intern organism
intern person
intern professional
intern whole
intern confine
intern work
international abstraction
international economy
international entity
international group
international socialism
international system
internationalism abstraction
internationalism belief
internationalism cognition
internationalism content
internationalism doctrine
internationalism entity
internationalist advocate
internationalist entity
internationalist object
internationalist organism
internationalist person
internationalist whole
internationalist entity
internationalist leader
internationalist object
internationalist organism
internationalist person
internationalist politician
internationalist socialist
internationalist whole
internationalization abstraction
internationalization act
internationalization entity
internationalization event
internment abstraction
internment attribute
internment captivity
internment confinement
internment entity
internment relationship
internment state
internment subjugation
internship abstraction
internship act
internship activity
internship entity
internship event
internship occupation
internship position
interpolation abstraction
interpolation communication
interpolation entity
interpolation message
interpolation abstraction
interpolation calculation
interpolation cognition
interpolation entity
interpolation process
interpolation thinking
interpret understand
interpret perform
interpretation abstraction
interpretation cognition
interpretation content
interpretation entity
interpretation representation
interpretation abstraction
interpretation communication
interpretation entity
interpretation explanation
interpretation message
interpretation statement
interpretation abstraction
interpretation cognition
interpretation entity
interpretation explanation
interpretation process
interpretation thinking
interpreter entity
interpreter mediator
interpreter negotiator
interpreter object
interpreter organism
interpreter person
interpreter whole
interpreter entity
interpreter object
interpreter organism
interpreter person
interpreter whole
interpreter abstraction
interpreter code
interpreter communication
interpreter entity
interpreter program
interpreter software
interpreter writing
interrelation abstraction
interrelation entity
interrelation relation
interrogate act
interrogate air
interrogate communicate
interrogate inform
interrogate interact
interrogate publicize
interrogate tell
interrogate act
interrogate address
interrogate ask
interrogate communicate
interrogate interact
interrogation abstraction
interrogation act
interrogation communication
interrogation entity
interrogation event
interrogation transmission
interrogation abstraction
interrogation act
interrogation entity
interrogation event
interrogation request
interrupt electricity
interrupt energy
interrupt entity
interrupt phenomenon
interrupt process
interrupt signal
interrupt break
interrupt change
interrupt end
interrupt act
interrupt break
interrupt change
interrupt end
interrupt interrupt
interrupt change
interrupt end
interruption abstraction
interruption entity
interruption event
interruption happening
intersect meet
intersection abstraction
intersection cognition
intersection component
intersection concept
intersection content
intersection entity
intersection idea
intersection part
intersection point
intersection entity
intersection junction
intersection location
intersection object
intersection point
intersection abstraction
intersection entity
intersection set
intersection abstraction
intersection collection
intersection entity
intersection group
intersection set
intersection abstraction
intersection act
intersection action
intersection change
intersection entity
intersection event
intersection joining
interstate artifact
interstate entity
interstate highway
interstate object
interstate road
interstate way
interstate whole
intertwine change
intertwine twist
interval abstraction
interval entity
interval set
interval abstraction
interval distance
interval entity
interval placement
interval position
interval relation
interval spacing
interval abstraction
interval communication
interval entity
interval notation
interval writing
intervene act
intervene interact
intervene be
intervene lie
intervene happen
intervention abstraction
intervention act
intervention engagement
intervention entity
intervention event
intervention abstraction
intervention argumentation
intervention cognition
intervention entity
intervention policy
intervention process
intervention reasoning
intervention thinking
intervention abstraction
intervention act
intervention entity
intervention event
intervention proceeding
interview abstraction
interview act
interview entity
interview event
interview interrogation
interview request
interview act
interview communicate
interview converse
interview interact
interview talk
interview act
interview communicate
interview converse
interview interact
interview talk
interview act
interview communicate
interview converse
interview interact
interview talk
interviewer entity
interviewer inquirer
interviewer object
interviewer organism
interviewer person
interviewer speaker
interviewer whole
intestine entity
intestine organ
intestine part
intestine thing
intimate act
intimate communicate
intimate convey
intimate hint
intimate impart
intimate inform
intimate interact
intimate tell
intimidate arouse
intimidate frighten
intimidate make
intimidate stimulate
intimidate discourage
intimidation abstraction
intimidation attribute
intimidation despair
intimidation discouragement
intimidation entity
intimidation feeling
intimidation state
intimidation abstraction
intimidation attribute
intimidation emotion
intimidation entity
intimidation fear
intimidation feeling
intimidation state
intolerance abstraction
intolerance attribute
intolerance disposition
intolerance entity
intolerance impatience
intolerance nature
intolerance trait
intolerance abstraction
intolerance attitude
intolerance cognition
intolerance entity
intonation abstraction
intonation communication
intonation entity
intonation abstraction
intonation act
intonation activity
intonation cognition
intonation content
intonation discipline
intonation diversion
intonation entertainment
intonation entity
intonation event
intonation music
intonation performance
intonation presentation
intonation show
intonation singing
intonation abstraction
intonation act
intonation activity
intonation cognition
intonation content
intonation discipline
intonation diversion
intonation entertainment
intonation entity
intonation event
intonation music
intonation performance
intonation presentation
intonation show
intonation singing
intonation abstraction
intonation act
intonation activity
intonation entity
intonation event
intonation music
intoxicant agent
intoxicant drug
intoxicant entity
intoxicant matter
intoxicant substance
intoxicate affect
intoxicate change
intoxicate drug
intoxicate medicate
intoxicate poison
intoxicate treat
intoxication abstraction
intoxication attribute
intoxication emotion
intoxication entity
intoxication exhilaration
intoxication feeling
intoxication joy
intoxication state
intrigue abstraction
intrigue cognition
intrigue content
intrigue entity
intrigue idea
intrigue plan
intrigue plot
intrigue scheme
intrigue abstraction
intrigue attribute
intrigue entity
intrigue relationship
intrigue state
intrigue refer
intro abstraction
intro communication
intro entity
intro music
intro passage
introduce act
introduce communicate
introduce inform
introduce interact
introduce cause
introduce initiate
introduce make
introduce establish
introduce make
introduce act
introduce communicate
introduce inform
introduce interact
introduce introduce
introduce plan
introduce project
introduce think
introduction abstraction
introduction act
introduction action
introduction beginning
introduction change
introduction entity
introduction event
introduction abstraction
introduction communication
introduction entity
introduction music
introduction section
introduction writing
introduction artifact
introduction book
introduction creation
introduction entity
introduction object
introduction product
introduction publication
introduction textbook
introduction whole
introduction work
introduction abstraction
introduction communication
introduction entity
introduction message
introduction proposal
introversion abstraction
introversion attribute
introversion disposition
introversion entity
introversion nature
introversion trait
intruder entity
intruder object
intruder organism
intruder person
intruder traveler
intruder whole
intrusion abstraction
intrusion act
intrusion action
intrusion arrival
intrusion entity
intrusion entrance
intrusion event
intrusion entity
intrusion process
intrusion entity
intrusion object
intrusion rock
intrusion whole
intuition abstraction
intuition cognition
intuition entity
intuition process
intuition abstraction
intuition cognition
intuition content
intuition entity
intuition idea
intuition impression
invade attack
invade contend
invade be
invade inhabit
invade enter
invade penetrate
invader entity
invader intruder
invader object
invader organism
invader person
invader traveler
invader whole
invalid entity
invalid object
invalid organism
invalid person
invalid unfortunate
invalid whole
invalid remove
invalidate cancel
invalidate declare
invalidate evaluate
invalidate think
invalidate confirm
invalidate negate
invalidate prove
invalidate change
invariability abstraction
invariability attribute
invariability entity
invariability quality
invasion abstraction
invasion act
invasion activity
invasion attack
invasion entity
invasion event
invasion operation
invasion penetration
invasion abstraction
invasion entity
invasion entrance
invasion event
invasion happening
invasion movement
invasion abstraction
invasion entity
invasion event
invasion happening
invasion movement
invasion spread
invent make
invention ability
invention abstraction
invention cognition
invention creativity
invention entity
invention artifact
invention creation
invention entity
invention object
invention whole
invention abstraction
invention act
invention activity
invention creation
invention entity
invention event
inventor creator
inventor entity
inventor object
inventor organism
inventor person
inventor whole
inventory abstraction
inventory communication
inventory database
inventory entity
inventory information
inventory list
inventory message
inventory abstraction
inventory communication
inventory document
inventory entity
inventory record
inventory register
inventory abstraction
inventory act
inventory activity
inventory entity
inventory event
inventory listing
inventory organization
inventory have
inventory keep
inventory list
inventory record
inventory register
inventory save
inverse abstraction
inverse entity
inverse opposition
inverse relation
inversion entity
inversion phenomenon
inversion process
inversion abnormality
inversion abstraction
inversion attribute
inversion condition
inversion entity
inversion state
inversion entity
inversion process
inversion abstraction
inversion change
inversion entity
inversion event
inversion happening
inversion mutation
inversion abstraction
inversion communication
inversion entity
inversion music
inversion theme
inversion tune
inversion variation
inversion entity
inversion homosexuality
inversion process
inversion abstraction
inversion act
inversion action
inversion change
inversion entity
inversion event
inversion motion
inversion abstraction
inversion act
inversion action
inversion change
inversion entity
inversion event
inversion motion
invertebrate animal
invertebrate entity
invertebrate object
invertebrate organism
invertebrate whole
inverter artifact
inverter converter
inverter device
inverter entity
inverter instrumentality
inverter object
inverter whole
invest give
invest pay
invest spend
invest transfer
invest equip
invest give
invest supply
invest transfer
invest install
investigate analyze
investigate investigate
investigate probe
investigation abstraction
investigation act
investigation activity
investigation entity
investigation event
investigation work
investigator entity
investigator expert
investigator object
investigator organism
investigator person
investigator whole
investment abstraction
investment assets
investment entity
investment possession
investment relation
investment abstraction
investment attribute
investment entity
investment seriousness
investment trait
investment covering
investment entity
investment object
investment part
investment skin
investment thing
investment tissue
investment whole
investment abstraction
investment act
investment activity
investment covering
investment dressing
investment entity
investment event
investment protection
investment abstraction
investment act
investment action
investment change
investment entity
investment event
investment promotion
investor capitalist
investor entity
investor object
investor organism
investor person
investor whole
invitation abstraction
invitation act
invitation artifact
invitation communication
invitation creation
invitation document
invitation entity
invitation event
invitation letter
invitation matter
invitation object
invitation representation
invitation request
invitation text
invitation whole
invitation writing
invitation abstraction
invitation allure
invitation attraction
invitation attribute
invitation entity
invitation quality
invite abstraction
invite act
invite artifact
invite communication
invite creation
invite document
invite entity
invite event
invite invitation
invite letter
invite matter
invite object
invite representation
invite request
invite text
invite whole
invite writing
invite arouse
invite make
invite communicate
invite convey
invite move
invite request
invite transfer
invite ask
invite communicate
invite convey
invite move
invite request
invite transfer
invite act
invite interact
invite communicate
invite convey
invite move
invite request
invite transfer
invite communicate
invite convey
invite move
invite request
invite transfer
invoice account
invoice charge
invoke associate
invoke mention
invoke think
involve refer
involve accept
involve act
involve admit
involve permit
involve react
involve include
involve absorb
involve arouse
involve interest
involve make
involve change
involve complicate
involvement abstraction
involvement connection
involvement entity
involvement relation
iodine abstraction
iodine entity
iodine group
iodine halogen
iodine matter
iodine part
iodine relation
iodine substance
ion body
ion entity
ion object
ion particle
ion whole
ionization abstraction
ionization attribute
ionization condition
ionization entity
ionization state
ionization entity
ionization process
ionize change
ionosphere entity
ionosphere location
ionosphere object
ionosphere region
iris entity
iris object
iris organism
iris plant
iris whole
iris entity
iris membrane
iris part
iris thing
iris tissue
iris artifact
iris device
iris diaphragm
iris entity
iris instrumentality
iris mechanism
iris object
iris whole
iron abstraction
iron entity
iron matter
iron part
iron relation
iron substance
iron artifact
iron entity
iron equipment
iron instrumentality
iron object
iron whole
iron artifact
iron entity
iron implement
iron instrumentality
iron object
iron whole
iron appliance
iron artifact
iron commodity
iron entity
iron object
iron whole
iron change
iron flatten
iron press
irony abstraction
irony attribute
irony characteristic
irony entity
irony quality
irony abstraction
irony communication
irony device
irony entity
irradiation abstraction
irradiation attribute
irradiation condition
irradiation entity
irradiation state
irradiation abstraction
irradiation entity
irradiation event
irradiation happening
irradiation movement
irradiation spread
irradiation abstraction
irradiation appearance
irradiation cognition
irradiation content
irradiation entity
irradiation illusion
irradiation representation
irradiation abstraction
irradiation cognition
irradiation entity
irradiation generalization
irradiation learning
irradiation process
irradiation transfer
irrationality abstraction
irrationality attribute
irrationality condition
irrationality entity
irrationality insanity
irrationality state
irregular artifact
irregular commodity
irregular entity
irregular merchandise
irregular object
irregular whole
irrelevance abstraction
irrelevance entity
irrelevance relation
irrigation abstraction
irrigation act
irrigation activity
irrigation entity
irrigation event
irrigation provision
irrigation abstraction
irrigation act
irrigation activity
irrigation care
irrigation entity
irrigation event
irrigation treatment
irrigation work
irritate change
irritate worsen
irritate affect
irritate change
irritate stimulate
irritation abstraction
irritation attribute
irritation condition
irritation entity
irritation state
irritation abnormality
irritation abstraction
irritation attribute
irritation condition
irritation entity
irritation sensitivity
irritation state
irritation susceptibility
island entity
island land
island object
island entity
island location
island object
island point
island zone
islander entity
islander inhabitant
islander object
islander organism
islander person
islander whole
isolate determine
isolate discriminate
isolate distinguish
isolate identify
isolate get
isolate categorize
isolate classify
isolate reason
isolate think
isolation abstraction
isolation attribute
isolation entity
isolation separation
isolation state
isolation abstraction
isolation alienation
isolation attribute
isolation dislike
isolation entity
isolation feeling
isolation state
isolation abstraction
isolation act
isolation entity
isolation event
isolation separation
isolation abstraction
isolation cognition
isolation entity
isolation process
isolation abstraction
isolation act
isolation entity
isolation event
isotope abstraction
isotope atom
isotope entity
isotope matter
isotope part
isotope relation
isotope substance
issue abstraction
issue cognition
issue content
issue entity
issue artifact
issue creation
issue entity
issue object
issue periodical
issue product
issue publication
issue whole
issue work
issue abstraction
issue act
issue activity
issue entity
issue event
issue provision
issue abstraction
issue accumulation
issue assets
issue entity
issue gain
issue income
issue possession
issue relation
issue store
issue sum
issue abstraction
issue act
issue commerce
issue entity
issue event
issue printing
issue transaction
issue distribute
issue transfer
issue act
issue communicate
issue interact
issuer abstraction
issuer entity
issuer group
issuer institution
issuer organization
italic abstraction
italic communication
italic entity
italic handwriting
italic writing
italic abstraction
italic communication
italic entity
italic language
italic abstraction
italic character
italic communication
italic entity
italic font
italic signal
italic symbol
italic type
itch abstraction
itch cognition
itch entity
itch perception
itch process
itch touch
itch ache
itch desire
item abstraction
item entity
item part
item relation
item entity
item object
item whole
iteration entity
iteration process
iteration entity
iteration process
iteration abstraction
iteration act
iteration activity
iteration continuance
iteration entity
iteration event
iteration repetition
ivory abstraction
ivory entity
ivory material
ivory matter
ivory part
ivory relation
ivory substance
ivy entity
ivy object
ivy organism
ivy plant
ivy vine
ivy whole
jab abstraction
jab act
jab action
jab change
jab entity
jab event
jab gesture
jab motion
jab abstraction
jab act
jab action
jab blow
jab change
jab entity
jab event
jab motion
jab punch
jab stroke
jab move
jab push
jab thrust
jab strike
jab touch
jabber abstraction
jabber communication
jabber entity
jabber message
jabber nonsense
jack abstraction
jack entity
jack measure
jack artifact
jack ball
jack entity
jack equipment
jack instrumentality
jack object
jack whole
jack artifact
jack device
jack entity
jack instrumentality
jack object
jack whole
jack artifact
jack entity
jack equipment
jack instrumentality
jack object
jack whole
jack artifact
jack decoration
jack design
jack emblem
jack entity
jack flag
jack object
jack whole
jack abstraction
jack card
jack entity
jack material
jack matter
jack paper
jack part
jack relation
jack substance
jack artifact
jack entity
jack implement
jack instrumentality
jack object
jack tool
jack whole
jack animal
jack entity
jack fish
jack object
jack organism
jack vertebrate
jack whole
jack animal
jack ass
jack entity
jack mammal
jack object
jack organism
jack vertebrate
jack whole
jack move
jack raise
jackal animal
jackal canine
jackal carnivore
jackal entity
jackal mammal
jackal object
jackal organism
jackal vertebrate
jackal whole
jacket artifact
jacket clothing
jacket coat
jacket commodity
jacket covering
jacket entity
jacket garment
jacket object
jacket whole
jacket artifact
jacket covering
jacket entity
jacket object
jacket whole
jacket abstraction
jacket entity
jacket material
jacket matter
jacket part
jacket peel
jacket relation
jacket rind
jacket substance
jacket artifact
jacket covering
jacket entity
jacket housing
jacket object
jacket shell
jacket whole
jacket cover
jacket change
jacket dress
jade crystal
jade entity
jade gem
jade matter
jade solid
jag abstraction
jag attribute
jag entity
jag projection
jag shape
jag solid
jag artifact
jag entity
jag object
jag opening
jag slit
jag whole
jag artifact
jag covering
jag entity
jag flap
jag object
jag whole
jag abstraction
jag act
jag action
jag change
jag entity
jag event
jag gratification
jag indulgence
jag satisfaction
jag cut
jag move
jag separate
jaguar animal
jaguar carnivore
jaguar entity
jaguar feline
jaguar mammal
jaguar object
jaguar organism
jaguar vertebrate
jaguar whole
jail artifact
jail entity
jail establishment
jail institution
jail object
jail structure
jail whole
jam conserve
jam dainty
jam entity
jam food
jam matter
jam substance
jam sweet
jam move
jam push
jam bruise
jam change
jam hurt
jam injure
jam break
jam change
jam end
jam interrupt
jam change
jam fail
jam malfunction
jam cram
jam move
jam put
jam stuff
janitor custodian
janitor defender
janitor entity
janitor object
janitor organism
janitor person
janitor whole
japan artifact
japan creation
japan entity
japan object
japan product
japan whole
japan work
japan artifact
japan coating
japan covering
japan entity
japan lacquer
japan object
japan whole
japan change
japan decorate
japan lacquer
jar artifact
jar container
jar entity
jar instrumentality
jar object
jar vessel
jar whole
jar abstraction
jar entity
jar measure
jar move
jar affect
jar move
jar put
jargon abstraction
jargon communication
jargon entity
jasmine entity
jasmine object
jasmine organism
jasmine plant
jasmine shrub
jasmine whole
jaundice abstraction
jaundice cognition
jaundice entity
jaundice evidence
jaundice information
jaundice symptom
jaundice change
jaundice deform
jaundice shape
jaundice affect
jaundice change
javelin abstraction
javelin contest
javelin entity
javelin event
javelin match
javelin artifact
javelin device
javelin entity
javelin equipment
javelin instrumentality
javelin instrument
javelin object
javelin spear
javelin weapon
javelin whole
jaw bone
jaw entity
jaw part
jaw thing
jaw tissue
jaw entity
jaw feature
jaw part
jaw thing
jaw artifact
jaw device
jaw entity
jaw instrumentality
jaw object
jaw whole
jay animal
jay bird
jay entity
jay object
jay organism
jay vertebrate
jay whole
jazz abstraction
jazz communication
jazz entity
jazz music
jazz abstraction
jazz communication
jazz entity
jazz music
jazz make
jazz play
jealousy abstraction
jealousy attribute
jealousy emotion
jealousy entity
jealousy envy
jealousy feeling
jealousy hate
jealousy hostility
jealousy resentment
jealousy state
jealousy ability
jealousy abstraction
jealousy attention
jealousy cognition
jealousy entity
jealousy faculty
jealousy watchfulness
jean apparel
jean artifact
jean clothing
jean commodity
jean covering
jean entity
jean garment
jean object
jean trouser
jean whole
jeep artifact
jeep car
jeep container
jeep conveyance
jeep entity
jeep instrumentality
jeep object
jeep vehicle
jeep whole
jelly conserve
jelly dainty
jelly entity
jelly food
jelly matter
jelly substance
jelly sweet
jelly entity
jelly matter
jelly substance
jellyfish animal
jellyfish entity
jellyfish invertebrate
jellyfish object
jellyfish organism
jellyfish whole
jerk anomaly
jerk entity
jerk object
jerk organism
jerk person
jerk whole
jerk abstraction
jerk act
jerk action
jerk change
jerk entity
jerk event
jerk motion
jerk abstraction
jerk entity
jerk rate
jerk relation
jerk abstraction
jerk act
jerk activity
jerk bodybuilding
jerk effort
jerk entity
jerk event
jerk exercise
jerk labor
jerk work
jerk move
jerk push
jersey artifact
jersey clothing
jersey commodity
jersey covering
jersey entity
jersey garment
jersey object
jersey shirt
jersey whole
jersey artifact
jersey entity
jersey fabric
jersey knit
jersey object
jersey whole
jersey animal
jersey bovine
jersey cattle
jersey entity
jersey mammal
jersey object
jersey organism
jersey vertebrate
jersey whole
jet aircraft
jet airplane
jet artifact
jet conveyance
jet craft
jet entity
jet instrumentality
jet object
jet vehicle
jet whole
jet abstraction
jet discharge
jet entity
jet event
jet flow
jet happening
jet movement
jet abstraction
jet coal
jet entity
jet fuel
jet material
jet matter
jet part
jet relation
jet substance
jet abstraction
jet discharge
jet entity
jet event
jet happening
jet phenomenon
jet process
jet move
jet run
jet fly
jet handle
jet manipulate
jet operate
jet touch
jewel adornment
jewel artifact
jewel decoration
jewel entity
jewel jewelry
jewel object
jewel whole
jewel entity
jewel object
jewel organism
jewel person
jewel whole
jeweler businessperson
jeweler capitalist
jeweler entity
jeweler merchant
jeweler object
jeweler organism
jeweler person
jeweler whole
jewelry adornment
jewelry artifact
jewelry decoration
jewelry entity
jewelry object
jewelry whole
jig abstraction
jig communication
jig entity
jig music
jig artifact
jig bait
jig device
jig entity
jig instrumentality
jig object
jig whole
jig artifact
jig device
jig entity
jig instrumentality
jig object
jig whole
jig abstraction
jig act
jig activity
jig cognition
jig content
jig dancing
jig discipline
jig diversion
jig entity
jig event
jig dance
jig move
jihad abstraction
jihad act
jihad entity
jihad event
jihad war
jihad abstraction
jihad act
jihad activity
jihad attempt
jihad entity
jihad event
jihad striving
jimmy artifact
jimmy bar
jimmy crowbar
jimmy entity
jimmy implement
jimmy instrumentality
jimmy lever
jimmy object
jimmy whole
jive dance
jive move
job abstraction
job act
job activity
job duty
job entity
job event
job work
job entity
job location
job object
job point
job workplace
job artifact
job creation
job entity
job object
job product
job whole
job abstraction
job act
job duty
job entity
job event
job abstraction
job act
job activity
job entity
job event
job work
job abstraction
job act
job activity
job entity
job event
job work
job entity
job object
job organism
job person
job unfortunate
job whole
job abstraction
job application
job code
job communication
job entity
job program
job software
job writing
job act
job cheat
job deceive
job interact
job treat
job wrong
job work
jog abstraction
jog attribute
jog entity
jog shape
jog abstraction
jog act
jog action
jog change
jog entity
jog event
jog locomotion
jog motion
jog run
jog travel
jog move
jog nudge
jog push
jog ask
jog challenge
jog communicate
jog convey
jog invite
jog move
jog provoke
jog request
jog transfer
join connect
joiner associate
joiner entity
joiner member
joiner object
joiner organism
joiner peer
joiner person
joiner whole
joiner craftsman
joiner entity
joiner object
joiner organism
joiner person
joiner whole
joiner worker
joining abstraction
joining act
joining action
joining change
joining entity
joining event
joint entity
joint part
joint thing
joint artifact
joint entity
joint establishment
joint object
joint spot
joint structure
joint whole
joint artifact
joint connection
joint entity
joint instrumentality
joint junction
joint object
joint whole
joint abstraction
joint agent
joint cigarette
joint drug
joint entity
joint material
joint matter
joint part
joint relation
joint substance
joint tobacco
joint be
joint fit
joint give
joint supply
joint transfer
joint attach
joint connect
joint fasten
joint move
joint separate
joke abstraction
joke communication
joke entity
joke message
joke wit
joke abstraction
joke attribute
joke entity
joke quality
joke value
joke worth
joke act
joke communicate
joke interact
joke act
joker comedian
joker entertainer
joker entity
joker object
joker organism
joker performer
joker person
joker whole
joker entity
joker object
joker organism
joker person
joker whole
joker abstraction
joker article
joker communication
joker entity
joker music
joker section
joker writing
joker abstraction
joker card
joker entity
joker material
joker matter
joker paper
joker part
joker relation
joker substance
jolly abstraction
jolly affair
jolly entity
jolly event
jolly party
jolt abstraction
jolt blow
jolt contact
jolt entity
jolt event
jolt happening
jolt impact
jolt move
jolt affect
jolt disturb
journal artifact
journal creation
journal entity
journal object
journal periodical
journal product
journal publication
journal whole
journal work
journal artifact
journal book
journal creation
journal entity
journal object
journal product
journal whole
journal artifact
journal axle
journal entity
journal implement
journal instrumentality
journal object
journal rod
journal shaft
journal whole
journalism artifact
journalism entity
journalism instrumentality
journalism medium
journalism object
journalism whole
journalism abstraction
journalism act
journalism activity
journalism entity
journalism event
journalism occupation
journalism profession
journalist entity
journalist object
journalist organism
journalist person
journalist whole
journalist writer
journey abstraction
journey act
journey action
journey change
journey entity
journey event
journey motion
journey travel
joust abstraction
joust act
joust activity
joust attempt
joust entity
joust event
joust struggle
joust contend
joy abstraction
joy attribute
joy emotion
joy entity
joy feeling
joy state
joy abstraction
joy cognition
joy entity
joy information
joy stimulation
jubilee abstraction
jubilee anniversary
jubilee day
jubilee entity
jubilee measure
judge entity
judge object
judge official
judge organism
judge person
judge whole
judge worker
judge change
judge decide
judge end
judge decide
judgment abstraction
judgment belief
judgment cognition
judgment content
judgment entity
judgment opinion
judgment abstraction
judgment act
judgment entity
judgment event
judgment abstraction
judgment act
judgment entity
judgment event
judgment abstraction
judgment cognition
judgment entity
judgment process
judgment abstraction
judgment attribute
judgment entity
judgment trait
judiciary abstraction
judiciary administration
judiciary body
judiciary entity
judiciary group
judiciary abstraction
judiciary entity
judiciary group
judiciary system
judo abstraction
judo act
judo activity
judo diversion
judo entity
judo event
judo protection
judo sport
jug artifact
jug bottle
jug container
jug entity
jug instrumentality
jug object
jug vessel
jug whole
jug abstraction
jug entity
jug measure
jug change
jug cook
jug stew
juice entity
juice food
juice foodstuff
juice matter
juice substance
juice abstraction
juice attribute
juice condition
juice energy
juice entity
juice state
juice current
juice entity
juice phenomenon
juice process
juice abstraction
juice entity
juice matter
juice part
juice relation
juice substance
jukebox artifact
jukebox device
jukebox entity
jukebox instrumentality
jukebox machine
jukebox object
jukebox whole
jump abstraction
jump change
jump entity
jump event
jump happening
jump increase
jump abstraction
jump communication
jump entity
jump music
jump passage
jump section
jump transition
jump writing
jump abstraction
jump act
jump action
jump change
jump descent
jump entity
jump event
jump motion
jump abstraction
jump act
jump entity
jump event
jump propulsion
jump move
jump change
jump increase
jump wax
jump enter
jump move
jump neglect
junction entity
junction location
junction object
junction point
junction abstraction
junction attribute
junction entity
junction state
junction union
junction artifact
junction connection
junction entity
junction instrumentality
junction object
junction whole
junction abstraction
junction act
junction action
junction change
junction entity
junction event
junction joining
juncture abstraction
juncture entity
juncture event
juncture happening
juncture abstraction
juncture attribute
juncture condition
juncture crisis
juncture difficulty
juncture entity
juncture situation
juncture state
jungle entity
jungle location
jungle object
jungle abstraction
jungle collection
jungle entity
jungle forest
jungle group
jungle vegetation
junior entity
junior object
junior organism
junior person
junior whole
junior entity
junior object
junior organism
junior person
junior student
junior undergraduate
junior whole
junior entity
junior object
junior organism
junior person
junior whole
junior child
junior entity
junior male
junior object
junior offspring
junior organism
junior person
junior relative
junior son
junior whole
juniper abstraction
juniper cypress
juniper entity
juniper material
juniper matter
juniper part
juniper relation
juniper substance
juniper wood
junk artifact
junk boat
junk conveyance
junk craft
junk entity
junk instrumentality
junk object
junk vehicle
junk vessel
junk whole
jurisdiction district
jurisdiction entity
jurisdiction location
jurisdiction object
jurisdiction region
jurist entity
jurist expert
jurist object
jurist organism
jurist person
jurist whole
jury abstraction
jury body
jury entity
jury group
jury abstraction
jury committee
jury entity
jury group
jury organization
jury unit
justice abstraction
justice attribute
justice entity
justice good
justice morality
justice quality
justice righteousness
justice virtue
justice abstraction
justice act
justice entity
justice event
justice judgment
justification abstraction
justification circumstance
justification cognition
justification entity
justification information
justification abstraction
justification communication
justification entity
justification explanation
justification message
justification statement
justification abstraction
justification accomplishment
justification act
justification action
justification clearing
justification entity
justification event
justification liberation
justification vindication
justify affirm
justify confirm
justify affirm
justify confirm
justify uphold
justify adjust
justify change
juvenile entity
juvenile object
juvenile organism
juvenile person
juvenile whole
juxtapose move
juxtapose put
kale entity
kale herb
kale object
kale organism
kale plant
kale whole
kale cabbage
kale entity
kale food
kale matter
kale produce
kale solid
kale vegetable
kaleidoscope abstraction
kaleidoscope cognition
kaleidoscope entity
kaleidoscope form
kaleidoscope structure
kaleidoscope artifact
kaleidoscope entity
kaleidoscope object
kaleidoscope plaything
kaleidoscope whole
kangaroo animal
kangaroo entity
kangaroo mammal
kangaroo marsupial
kangaroo object
kangaroo organism
kangaroo vertebrate
kangaroo whole
karaoke abstraction
karaoke act
karaoke activity
karaoke cognition
karaoke content
karaoke discipline
karaoke diversion
karaoke entertainment
karaoke entity
karaoke event
karaoke music
karaoke performance
karaoke presentation
karaoke show
karaoke singing
karate abstraction
karate act
karate activity
karate entity
karate event
karate protection
karma abstraction
karma destiny
karma entity
karma event
karma happening
kayak artifact
kayak boat
kayak canoe
kayak conveyance
kayak craft
kayak entity
kayak instrumentality
kayak object
kayak vehicle
kayak vessel
kayak whole
kayak boat
kayak ride
kayak travel
keel abstraction
keel attribute
keel entity
keel projection
keel shape
keel solid
keel entity
keel part
keel structure
keel thing
keel artifact
keel beam
keel device
keel entity
keel instrumentality
keel object
keel part
keel piece
keel support
keel whole
keen abstraction
keen communication
keen entity
keen music
keen song
keep artifact
keep entity
keep object
keep stronghold
keep structure
keep whole
keep have
keep keep
keep record
keep save
keep give
keep house
keep lodge
keep shelter
keep supply
keep transfer
keep be
keep stay
keep defend
keep prevent
keep protect
keep cultivate
keep grow
keep have
keep keep
keep store
keep have
keep confine
keeper defender
keeper entity
keeper object
keeper organism
keeper person
keeper whole
keeping abstraction
keeping act
keeping conformity
keeping cooperation
keeping entity
keeping event
keepsake entity
keepsake object
kelp entity
kelp microorganism
kelp object
kelp organism
kelp whole
kennel artifact
kennel building
kennel covering
kennel entity
kennel object
kennel shelter
kennel structure
kennel whole
kennel give
kennel shelter
kennel supply
kennel transfer
keratin abstraction
keratin chemical
keratin compound
keratin entity
keratin material
keratin matter
keratin molecule
keratin part
keratin protein
keratin relation
keratin substance
keratin thing
keratin unit
kerchief artifact
kerchief clothing
kerchief commodity
kerchief covering
kerchief entity
kerchief garment
kerchief object
kerchief whole
kernel entity
kernel object
kernel whole
kernel entity
kernel fruit
kernel grain
kernel object
kernel seed
kernel whole
kernel abstraction
kernel cognition
kernel content
kernel entity
kerosene abstraction
kerosene chemical
kerosene compound
kerosene entity
kerosene fuel
kerosene hydrocarbon
kerosene material
kerosene matter
kerosene part
kerosene relation
kerosene substance
kettle artifact
kettle container
kettle entity
kettle implement
kettle instrumentality
kettle object
kettle pot
kettle utensil
kettle vessel
kettle whole
kettle abstraction
kettle entity
kettle measure
kettle artifact
kettle device
kettle entity
kettle instrumentality
kettle object
kettle whole
key artifact
key device
key entity
key instrumentality
key object
key whole
key abstraction
key cognition
key entity
key explanation
key process
key thinking
key abstraction
key attribute
key entity
key pitch
key property
key abstraction
key communication
key entity
key notation
key writing
key abstraction
key entity
key kilogram
key measure
key entity
key object
key reef
key ridge
key area
key entity
key location
key object
key region
key space
key abstraction
key communication
key database
key entity
key information
key list
key message
key abstraction
key communication
key database
key entity
key information
key list
key message
key abstraction
key communication
key entity
key evidence
key identification
key indication
key artifact
key bar
key entity
key implement
key instrumentality
key lever
key object
key whole
key give
key supply
key transfer
key destroy
key change
key adjust
key change
keyboard artifact
keyboard device
keyboard entity
keyboard instrumentality
keyboard object
keyboard whole
keyboard artifact
keyboard device
keyboard entity
keyboard holder
keyboard instrumentality
keyboard object
keyboard whole
keyboardist entertainer
keyboardist entity
keyboardist musician
keyboardist object
keyboardist organism
keyboardist performer
keyboardist person
keyboardist whole
keynote abstraction
keynote communication
keynote entity
keynote message
keynote subject
keynote abstraction
keynote cognition
keynote content
keynote entity
keynote idea
keynote change
keynote set
keynote address
keystone artifact
keystone entity
keystone object
keystone whole
kick abstraction
kick act
kick action
kick blow
kick change
kick entity
kick event
kick motion
kick stroke
kick abstraction
kick cognition
kick entity
kick information
kick stimulation
kick abstraction
kick act
kick action
kick change
kick entity
kick event
kick motion
kick move
kick hit
kick touch
kick dance
kick move
kick waive
kick gain
kick score
kid abstraction
kid entity
kid leather
kid material
kid matter
kid part
kid relation
kid substance
kid animal
kid entity
kid goat
kid mammal
kid object
kid organism
kid vertebrate
kid whole
kid act
kid interact
kid mock
kid tease
kid treat
kidnap seize
kidnap take
kidnapper criminal
kidnapper entity
kidnapper object
kidnapper organism
kidnapper person
kidnapper principal
kidnapper whole
kidnapping abstraction
kidnapping act
kidnapping activity
kidnapping capture
kidnapping crime
kidnapping entity
kidnapping event
kidnapping felony
kidnapping transgression
kidney entity
kidney organ
kidney part
kidney thing
kill abstraction
kill act
kill action
kill change
kill destruction
kill entity
kill event
kill termination
kill evaluate
kill oppose
kill refute
kill reject
kill think
kill veto
kill be
kill hurt
kill perceive
kill arouse
kill make
kill overwhelm
kill hit
kill move
kill hit
kill move
kill remove
kill change
kill exhaust
kill tire
kill engage
kill move
kill throw
kill destroy
killer entity
killer object
killer organism
killer person
killer whole
killer abstraction
killer cognition
killer difficulty
killer entity
killing abstraction
killing change
killing death
killing entity
killing event
killing fatality
killing happening
killing abstraction
killing act
killing action
killing change
killing entity
killing event
killing termination
killing abstraction
killing assets
killing entity
killing gain
killing income
killing possession
killing relation
killing sum
kilobyte abstraction
kilobyte entity
kilobyte measure
kilobyte abstraction
kilobyte entity
kilobyte measure
kilogram abstraction
kilogram entity
kilogram measure
kilometer abstraction
kilometer entity
kilometer measure
kilowatt abstraction
kilowatt entity
kilowatt measure
kimono artifact
kimono clothing
kimono commodity
kimono covering
kimono entity
kimono garment
kimono object
kimono robe
kimono whole
kin entity
kin object
kin organism
kin person
kin relative
kin whole
kin abstraction
kin entity
kin group
kind abstraction
kind category
kind cognition
kind concept
kind content
kind entity
kind idea
kindergarten abstraction
kindergarten entity
kindergarten group
kindergarten institution
kindergarten organization
kindergarten preschool
kindheartedness abstraction
kindheartedness attribute
kindheartedness entity
kindheartedness feeling
kindheartedness state
kindheartedness sympathy
kindle burn
kindle ignite
kindle burn
kindle ignite
kindness abstraction
kindness attribute
kindness entity
kindness good
kindness morality
kindness quality
kindness abstraction
kindness act
kindness action
kindness entity
kindness event
king entity
king negotiator
king object
king organism
king person
king representative
king ruler
king sovereign
king whole
king contestant
king entity
king object
king organism
king person
king rival
king whole
king abstraction
king attribute
king eminence
king entity
king state
king status
king artifact
king checker
king entity
king equipment
king instrumentality
king man
king object
king whole
king abstraction
king card
king entity
king material
king matter
king paper
king part
king relation
king substance
king artifact
king entity
king equipment
king instrumentality
king man
king object
king whole
kingdom abstraction
kingdom attribute
kingdom entity
kingdom environment
kingdom situation
kingdom sphere
kingdom state
kingdom country
kingdom district
kingdom entity
kingdom location
kingdom object
kingdom region
kingdom domain
kingdom entity
kingdom location
kingdom object
kingdom region
kingdom abstraction
kingdom autocracy
kingdom entity
kingdom group
kingdom monarchy
kingdom abstraction
kingdom entity
kingdom group
kingdom abstraction
kingdom entity
kingdom group
kingfisher animal
kingfisher bird
kingfisher entity
kingfisher object
kingfisher organism
kingfisher vertebrate
kingfisher whole
kingship abstraction
kingship attribute
kingship entity
kingship rank
kingship state
kingship status
kinship abstraction
kinship entity
kinship relation
kinsman entity
kinsman object
kinsman organism
kinsman person
kinsman relative
kinsman whole
kiss abstraction
kiss act
kiss entity
kiss event
kiss touch
kiss cake
kiss cookie
kiss entity
kiss food
kiss matter
kiss solid
kiss candy
kiss dainty
kiss entity
kiss food
kiss matter
kiss substance
kiss sweet
kiss abstraction
kiss act
kiss entity
kiss event
kiss touch
kit artifact
kit case
kit container
kit entity
kit instrumentality
kit object
kit whole
kit artifact
kit entity
kit equipment
kit gear
kit instrumentality
kit object
kit whole
kit animal
kit entity
kit object
kit organism
kit whole
kit young
kitchen area
kitchen artifact
kitchen entity
kitchen object
kitchen room
kitchen structure
kitchen whole
kite abstraction
kite check
kite communication
kite document
kite draft
kite entity
kite writing
kite abstraction
kite check
kite communication
kite document
kite draft
kite entity
kite writing
kite artifact
kite entity
kite object
kite plaything
kite whole
kite animal
kite bird
kite entity
kite hawk
kite object
kite organism
kite vertebrate
kite whole
kite change
kite increase
kite get
kite obtain
kite fly
kite glide
kite handle
kite manipulate
kite operate
kite touch
kite fly
kitten animal
kitten entity
kitten object
kitten organism
kitten whole
kitten young
kitten make
kitten produce
kitty animal
kitty carnivore
kitty cat
kitty entity
kitty feline
kitty mammal
kitty object
kitty organism
kitty vertebrate
kitty whole
kiwi entity
kiwi food
kiwi fruit
kiwi matter
kiwi object
kiwi produce
kiwi solid
kiwi whole
kiwi animal
kiwi bird
kiwi entity
kiwi object
kiwi organism
kiwi vertebrate
kiwi whole
knead handle
knead manipulate
knead touch
knee entity
knee joint
knee part
knee thing
knee artifact
knee covering
knee entity
knee object
knee whole
kneecap change
kneecap hurt
kneecap injure
kneecap shoot
kneel abstraction
kneel act
kneel action
kneel change
kneel entity
kneel event
kneel motion
kneel be
kneel rest
knife artifact
knife cutter
knife entity
knife implement
knife instrumentality
knife object
knife tool
knife whole
knife artifact
knife device
knife entity
knife instrumentality
knife instrument
knife object
knife weapon
knife whole
knife change
knife hurt
knife injure
knight aristocrat
knight entity
knight leader
knight object
knight organism
knight person
knight whole
knight artifact
knight entity
knight equipment
knight instrumentality
knight man
knight object
knight whole
knight appoint
knight delegate
knight promote
knit artifact
knit entity
knit fabric
knit object
knit whole
knit artifact
knit creation
knit entity
knit object
knit sewing
knit stitch
knit whole
knit artifact
knit creation
knit entity
knit object
knit whole
knit make
knit connect
knit join
knitting abstraction
knitting act
knitting activity
knitting art
knitting creation
knitting entity
knitting event
knitting handicraft
knitting occupation
knitting trade
knob artifact
knob entity
knob object
knob projection
knob structure
knob whole
knob entity
knob handle
knob object
knob part
knob artifact
knob decoration
knob entity
knob object
knob whole
knock abstraction
knock entity
knock event
knock happening
knock sound
knock abstraction
knock appraisal
knock classification
knock cognition
knock criticism
knock entity
knock process
knock abstraction
knock blow
knock contact
knock entity
knock event
knock happening
knock impact
knock abstraction
knock entity
knock event
knock happening
knock misfortune
knock trouble
knock abstraction
knock act
knock action
knock blow
knock change
knock entity
knock event
knock motion
knock stroke
knock strike
knock touch
knock rap
knock strike
knock touch
knock comment
knock express
knock note
knock state
knockout abstraction
knockout act
knockout action
knockout blow
knockout change
knockout entity
knockout event
knockout motion
knockout stroke
knoll entity
knoll hill
knoll object
knot abstraction
knot bunch
knot collection
knot entity
knot group
knot artifact
knot device
knot entity
knot fastener
knot instrumentality
knot object
knot restraint
knot whole
knot abstraction
knot entity
knot material
knot matter
knot part
knot relation
knot substance
knot wood
knot abstraction
knot attribute
knot entity
knot shape
knot animal
knot bird
knot entity
knot object
knot organism
knot vertebrate
knot whole
knot make
knot attach
knot connect
knot fasten
knot tie
know abstraction
know cognition
know entity
know knowing
know process
know change
know experience
know undergo
know know
know recognize
know determine
know distinguish
know identify
know remember
knowing abstraction
knowing cognition
knowing entity
knowing process
koala animal
koala entity
koala mammal
koala marsupial
koala object
koala organism
koala vertebrate
koala whole
krypton abstraction
krypton entity
krypton fluid
krypton gas
krypton matter
krypton part
krypton relation
krypton substance
l abstraction
l character
l communication
l entity
l letter
l signal
l symbol
lab entity
lab location
lab object
lab point
lab workplace
label abstraction
label act
label description
label entity
label event
label abstraction
label entity
label name
label part
label relation
label abstraction
label atom
label entity
label isotope
label matter
label part
label relation
label substance
label abstraction
label communication
label entity
label marker
label signal
label symbol
label designate
label determine
label distinguish
label identify
label determine
label distinguish
label identify
labor abstraction
labor class
labor entity
labor group
labor people
labor abstraction
labor act
labor activity
labor entity
labor event
labor work
labor change
labor undergo
laborer employee
laborer entity
laborer object
laborer organism
laborer person
laborer whole
laborer worker
laborer workman
lace artifact
lace cord
lace entity
lace line
lace object
lace whole
lace artifact
lace entity
lace fabric
lace object
lace whole
lace make
lace weave
lace attach
lace connect
lace fasten
lace tie
lack abstraction
lack attribute
lack condition
lack entity
lack need
lack state
lackey entity
lackey object
lackey organism
lackey person
lackey servant
lackey whole
lackey worker
lacquer abstraction
lacquer discharge
lacquer entity
lacquer gum
lacquer material
lacquer matter
lacquer part
lacquer relation
lacquer substance
lacquer artifact
lacquer coating
lacquer covering
lacquer entity
lacquer object
lacquer whole
lacquer change
lacquer decorate
lacrosse abstraction
lacrosse act
lacrosse activity
lacrosse diversion
lacrosse entity
lacrosse event
lacrosse game
lacrosse sport
lactate abstraction
lactate chemical
lactate compound
lactate entity
lactate material
lactate matter
lactate part
lactate relation
lactate salt
lactate substance
lactation abstraction
lactation entity
lactation measure
lactation entity
lactation process
lactose abstraction
lactose carbohydrate
lactose chemical
lactose compound
lactose entity
lactose material
lactose matter
lactose molecule
lactose part
lactose relation
lactose substance
lactose thing
lactose unit
ladder artifact
ladder entity
ladder object
ladder stairs
ladder stairway
ladder way
ladder whole
ladder abstraction
ladder attribute
ladder degree
ladder entity
ladder state
ladder break
ladder change
lady adult
lady entity
lady female
lady object
lady organism
lady person
lady whole
lady woman
lady aristocrat
lady entity
lady leader
lady object
lady organism
lady person
lady whole
lag follow
lag travel
lag fling
lag flip
lag move
lag throw
lag cover
lager abstraction
lager agent
lager alcohol
lager beer
lager beverage
lager brew
lager drug
lager entity
lager fluid
lager food
lager liquid
lager matter
lager part
lager relation
lager substance
lagging artifact
lagging entity
lagging object
lagging whole
lagoon entity
lagoon lake
lagoon thing
lair entity
lair environment
lair habitat
lair habitation
lair location
lair object
lair region
lake entity
lake thing
lake abstraction
lake entity
lake material
lake matter
lake part
lake pigment
lake relation
lake substance
lake abstraction
lake entity
lake material
lake matter
lake part
lake pigment
lake relation
lake substance
lakeside entity
lakeside object
lakeside shore
lamb animal
lamb entity
lamb object
lamb organism
lamb whole
lamb young
lamb entity
lamb object
lamb organism
lamb person
lamb victim
lamb whole
lamb entity
lamb innocent
lamb object
lamb organism
lamb person
lamb whole
lamb entity
lamb food
lamb matter
lamb meat
lamb solid
lamb make
lamb produce
lame artifact
lame entity
lame fabric
lame object
lame whole
lament abstraction
lament communication
lament complaint
lament cry
lament entity
lament utterance
lamentation abstraction
lamentation act
lamentation activity
lamentation communication
lamentation demonstration
lamentation entity
lamentation event
lamentation expression
lamp artifact
lamp device
lamp entity
lamp instrumentality
lamp object
lamp whole
lamp artifact
lamp entity
lamp furnishing
lamp furniture
lamp instrumentality
lamp object
lamp whole
lance travel
lance enter
lance penetrate
lance pierce
lance open
lancer cavalryman
lancer entity
lancer object
lancer organism
lancer person
lancer serviceman
lancer soldier
lancer whole
lancer worker
land abstraction
land entity
land possession
land property
land relation
land entity
land object
land entity
land object
land arrive
land bring
land move
land transport
land deliver
land give
land arrive
landfill entity
landfill lowland
landfill object
landing artifact
landing entity
landing object
landing platform
landing surface
landing whole
landing artifact
landing entity
landing object
landing structure
landing whole
landing abstraction
landing act
landing action
landing arrival
landing entity
landing event
landing abstraction
landing act
landing action
landing arrival
landing entity
landing event
landlady entity
landlady holder
landlady landlord
landlady landowner
landlady object
landlady organism
landlady owner
landlady person
landlady whole
landlord entity
landlord holder
landlord landowner
landlord object
landlord organism
landlord owner
landlord person
landlord whole
landmark entity
landmark location
landmark object
landmark point
landmark position
landmark abstraction
landmark entity
landmark event
landmark happening
landmark juncture
landmark abstraction
landmark communication
landmark entity
landmark indicator
landmark signal
landmark entity
landmark part
landmark structure
landmark thing
landmass entity
landmass land
landmass object
landowner entity
landowner holder
landowner object
landowner organism
landowner owner
landowner person
landowner whole
landscape area
landscape entity
landscape location
landscape object
landscape region
landscape scenery
landscape section
landscape vicinity
landscape art
landscape artifact
landscape creation
landscape entity
landscape object
landscape painting
landscape whole
landscape art
landscape artifact
landscape creation
landscape entity
landscape genre
landscape object
landscape whole
landscape abstraction
landscape attitude
landscape cognition
landscape entity
landscape position
landscape change
landscape decorate
landscape attend
landscape care
landscape garden
landscape help
landscape support
landscape tend
landslide abstraction
landslide ending
landslide entity
landslide event
landslide happening
landslide success
landslide victory
landslide abstraction
landslide descent
landslide entity
landslide event
landslide happening
landslide movement
landslide slide
lane artifact
lane entity
lane object
lane way
lane whole
lane artifact
lane entity
lane object
lane path
lane way
lane whole
language abstraction
language communication
language entity
language ability
language abstraction
language cognition
language entity
language faculty
languish change
languish worsen
lantern artifact
lantern device
lantern entity
lantern instrumentality
lantern lamp
lantern object
lantern whole
lap entity
lap extremity
lap limb
lap part
lap thigh
lap thing
lap abstraction
lap attribute
lap entity
lap environment
lap situation
lap sphere
lap state
lap artifact
lap covering
lap entity
lap object
lap whole
lap artifact
lap covering
lap entity
lap flap
lap object
lap whole
lap abstraction
lap act
lap action
lap change
lap entity
lap event
lap locomotion
lap motion
lap be
lap lie
lap sound
lap consume
lap drink
lapse abstraction
lapse entity
lapse measure
lapse pause
lapse end
lapse change
lapse slip
lapse worsen
lapse abandon
lapse discard
lapse forfeit
laptop artifact
laptop computer
laptop device
laptop entity
laptop instrumentality
laptop machine
laptop object
laptop whole
lard abstraction
lard chemical
lard compound
lard entity
lard fat
lard lipid
lard material
lard matter
lard molecule
lard part
lard relation
lard substance
lard thing
lard unit
lard cook
lard make
large abstraction
large attribute
large entity
large property
large size
largeness abstraction
largeness attribute
largeness entity
largeness importance
largeness magnitude
largeness quality
largeness value
largeness worth
largeness abstraction
largeness attribute
largeness entity
largeness magnitude
largeness property
largeness size
lark animal
lark bird
lark entity
lark object
lark organism
lark vertebrate
lark whole
larva animal
larva entity
larva object
larva organism
larva whole
laryngitis abstraction
laryngitis cognition
laryngitis entity
laryngitis evidence
laryngitis inflammation
laryngitis information
laryngitis symptom
larynx entity
larynx organ
larynx part
larynx structure
larynx thing
laser artifact
laser device
laser entity
laser instrumentality
laser object
laser whole
lash artifact
lash entity
lash implement
lash instrumentality
lash object
lash whole
lash move
lash swing
lash attach
lash connect
lash fasten
lash tie
lasso artifact
lasso entity
lasso line
lasso object
lasso rope
lasso whole
lasso get
lasso seize
lasso take
last abstraction
last attribute
last entity
last rank
last state
last status
last abstraction
last act
last activity
last entity
last event
last abstraction
last entity
last measure
last abstraction
last entity
last measure
last artifact
last device
last entity
last instrumentality
last object
last whole
last be
last measure
latch artifact
latch device
latch entity
latch fastener
latch instrumentality
latch lock
latch object
latch restraint
latch whole
latch artifact
latch catch
latch device
latch entity
latch fastener
latch instrumentality
latch object
latch restraint
latch whole
latch attach
latch connect
latch fasten
latency abstraction
latency attribute
latency being
latency entity
latency possibility
latency potential
latency state
lateness abstraction
lateness attribute
lateness entity
lateness property
lateness timing
latest abstraction
latest communication
latest entity
latest information
latest message
latest news
latex abstraction
latex discharge
latex entity
latex material
latex matter
latex part
latex relation
latex substance
latitude abstraction
latitude angle
latitude attribute
latitude entity
latitude location
latitude object
latitude shape
latitude space
latitude abstraction
latitude attribute
latitude entity
latitude freedom
latitude liberty
latitude state
latitude entity
latitude line
latitude location
latitude object
latitude abstraction
latitude attribute
latitude entity
latitude extent
latitude magnitude
latitude property
latitude scope
latter abstraction
latter attribute
latter entity
latter rank
latter second
latter state
latter status
laugh abstraction
laugh communication
laugh entity
laugh utterance
laugh abstraction
laugh communication
laugh entity
laugh gesture
laughter abstraction
laughter act
laughter activity
laughter entity
laughter event
launch artifact
launch boat
launch conveyance
launch craft
launch entity
launch instrumentality
launch object
launch vehicle
launch vessel
launch whole
launch move
launch launch
launch move
launch change
launch smooth
laundry artifact
laundry clothing
laundry commodity
laundry covering
laundry entity
laundry garment
laundry object
laundry whole
laundry entity
laundry location
laundry object
laundry point
laundry workplace
laurel entity
laurel object
laurel organism
laurel plant
laurel tree
laurel whole
laurel abstraction
laurel arrangement
laurel artifact
laurel decoration
laurel entity
laurel group
laurel object
laurel whole
laurel wreath
lava abstraction
lava entity
lava material
lava matter
lava part
lava relation
lava rock
lava substance
lavender entity
lavender object
lavender organism
lavender plant
lavender shrub
lavender whole
lavender abstraction
lavender attribute
lavender color
lavender entity
lavender property
lavender purple
lavish consume
lavish give
lavish pay
lavish spend
lavish transfer
law abstraction
law collection
law entity
law group
law abstraction
law communication
law document
law entity
law writing
law abstraction
law cognition
law concept
law content
law entity
law idea
law abstraction
law cognition
law concept
law content
law entity
law idea
law abstraction
law act
law activity
law entity
law event
law occupation
law profession
lawlessness abstraction
lawlessness attribute
lawlessness entity
lawlessness illegality
lawlessness quality
lawn entity
lawn field
lawn location
lawn object
lawn region
lawn tract
lawsuit abstraction
lawsuit act
lawsuit entity
lawsuit event
lawsuit proceeding
lawyer adult
lawyer entity
lawyer object
lawyer organism
lawyer person
lawyer professional
lawyer whole
laxative agent
laxative drug
laxative entity
laxative matter
laxative medicine
laxative substance
lay move
lay put
lay cause
lay initiate
lay make
lay organize
lay lay
lay move
lay put
lay account
lay charge
lay levy
layer artifact
layer entity
layer object
layer whole
layer entity
layer location
layer object
layer region
layer animal
layer bird
layer chicken
layer entity
layer hen
layer object
layer organism
layer vertebrate
layer whole
layer entity
layer part
layer structure
layer thing
layer make
layer shape
laying entity
laying process
layman commoner
layman entity
layman object
layman organism
layman person
layman whole
layout abstraction
layout arrangement
layout cognition
layout design
layout entity
layout structure
layout abstraction
layout act
layout activity
layout entity
layout event
layout order
layout organization
laziness abstraction
laziness act
laziness entity
laziness event
laziness inactivity
laziness rest
lead abstraction
lead advantage
lead asset
lead attribute
lead entity
lead quality
lead abstraction
lead entity
lead matter
lead part
lead relation
lead substance
lead abstraction
lead cognition
lead entity
lead evidence
lead information
lead abstraction
lead act
lead activity
lead entity
lead event
lead leadership
lead abstraction
lead angle
lead attribute
lead entity
lead location
lead object
lead shape
lead space
lead abstraction
lead communication
lead entity
lead music
lead section
lead writing
lead abstraction
lead entity
lead measure
lead number
lead score
lead entity
lead location
lead object
lead point
lead position
lead abstraction
lead article
lead artifact
lead communication
lead creation
lead entity
lead nonfiction
lead object
lead piece
lead whole
lead artifact
lead entity
lead object
lead strip
lead whole
lead abstraction
lead carbon
lead entity
lead graphite
lead matter
lead part
lead relation
lead substance
lead abstraction
lead act
lead activity
lead entity
lead event
lead turn
lead leave
lead make
lead produce
lead precede
lead travel
lead induce
leader entity
leader object
leader organism
leader person
leader whole
leadership abstraction
leadership act
leadership activity
leadership entity
leadership event
leadership abstraction
leadership body
leadership entity
leadership group
leadership abstraction
leadership attribute
leadership entity
leadership state
leadership status
leadership ability
leadership abstraction
leadership cognition
leadership entity
leaf entity
leaf object
leaf whole
leaf abstraction
leaf entity
leaf material
leaf matter
leaf paper
leaf part
leaf relation
leaf sheet
leaf substance
leaf entity
leaf object
leaf part
leaf section
leaf move
leaf turn
leaf change
leaf grow
leaflet entity
leaflet leaf
leaflet object
leaflet whole
league abstraction
league association
league entity
league group
league organization
league abstraction
league entity
league group
league organization
league union
league unit
league abstraction
league entity
league measure
league join
league unite
leak abstraction
leak attribute
leak entity
leak hole
leak location
leak object
leak opening
leak shape
leak space
leak abstraction
leak attribute
leak condition
leak disease
leak entity
leak illness
leak state
leak discharge
leak elimination
leak entity
leak process
leak abstraction
leak act
leak disclosure
leak entity
leak event
leak act
leak communicate
leak inform
leak interact
leak tell
leak break
leak issue
lean bend
lean change
lean move
lean put
lean accept
lean believe
lean evaluate
lean think
lean trust
leaning abstraction
leaning attribute
leaning entity
leaning feeling
leaning inclination
leaning liking
leaning state
leaning abstraction
leaning act
leaning entity
leaning event
leap abstraction
leap act
leap entity
leap event
leap jump
leap propulsion
leap abstraction
leap change
leap entity
leap event
leap happening
leap transition
leap abstraction
leap distance
leap entity
leap placement
leap position
leap relation
leap spacing
leap switch
learner entity
learner object
learner organism
learner person
learner whole
learning abstraction
learning cognition
learning entity
learning process
lease abstraction
lease entity
lease possession
lease property
lease relation
lease abstraction
lease agreement
lease communication
lease contract
lease document
lease entity
lease message
lease statement
lease writing
lease abstraction
lease entity
lease measure
lease give
lease transfer
lease get
leash artifact
leash device
leash entity
leash instrumentality
leash object
leash restraint
leash whole
least abstraction
least attribute
least concern
least condition
least curiosity
least entity
least interest
least matter
least state
leather abstraction
leather entity
leather material
leather matter
leather part
leather relation
leather substance
leather beat
leave abstraction
leave entity
leave measure
leave abstraction
leave approval
leave communication
leave entity
leave message
leave permission
leave change
leave make
leave refrain
leave give
leave supply
leave transfer
leave yield
leave make
leave produce
leave change
leave have
lecture abstraction
lecture act
lecture address
lecture entity
lecture event
lecture abstraction
lecture communication
lecture criticism
lecture disapproval
lecture entity
lecture message
lecture rebuke
lecture abstraction
lecture act
lecture activity
lecture education
lecture entity
lecture event
lecture occupation
lecture profession
lecture teaching
lecture act
lecture communicate
lecture inform
lecture interact
lecture teach
lecturer entity
lecturer object
lecturer organism
lecturer person
lecturer speaker
lecturer whole
ledge entity
ledge object
ledge ridge
ledger abstraction
ledger communication
ledger document
ledger entity
ledger record
leech animal
leech entity
leech invertebrate
leech object
leech organism
leech whole
leech worm
leech entity
leech follower
leech object
leech organism
leech person
leech whole
leek entity
leek object
leek organism
leek plant
leek whole
leek entity
leek food
leek matter
leek produce
leek solid
leek vegetable
leer abstraction
leer appearance
leer attribute
leer entity
leer expression
leer quality
leer look
leeway drift
leeway entity
leeway process
left entity
left location
left object
left point
left position
left abstraction
left clique
left entity
left faction
left group
left set
left entity
left extremity
left hand
left part
left thing
left abstraction
left act
left action
left change
left entity
left event
left turn
leftover abstraction
leftover entity
leftover part
leftover relation
leftover remainder
leftovers entity
leftovers food
leftovers matter
leftovers solid
leg entity
leg extremity
leg limb
leg part
leg thing
leg entity
leg extremity
leg limb
leg part
leg thing
leg artifact
leg device
leg entity
leg instrumentality
leg object
leg support
leg whole
leg cut
leg entity
leg food
leg matter
leg meat
leg solid
leg artifact
leg covering
leg entity
leg object
leg whole
leg abstraction
leg attribute
leg distance
leg entity
leg magnitude
leg property
leg size
legality abstraction
legality attribute
legality entity
legality quality
legalization abstraction
legalization act
legalization entity
legalization event
legalize accept
legalize act
legalize permit
legalize react
legend abstraction
legend communication
legend entity
legend fiction
legend story
legend writing
legging artifact
legging clothing
legging commodity
legging covering
legging entity
legging garment
legging object
legging whole
legibility abstraction
legibility attribute
legibility comprehensibility
legibility entity
legibility quality
legion abstraction
legion association
legion entity
legion group
legion organization
legion abstraction
legion entity
legion group
legion organization
legion unit
legionnaire entity
legionnaire object
legionnaire organism
legionnaire person
legionnaire serviceman
legionnaire veteran
legionnaire whole
legionnaire worker
legionnaire entity
legionnaire object
legionnaire organism
legionnaire person
legionnaire serviceman
legionnaire soldier
legionnaire whole
legionnaire worker
legislate declare
legislate decree
legislate express
legislate ordain
legislate state
legislation abstraction
legislation collection
legislation entity
legislation group
legislation law
legislation abstraction
legislation act
legislation entity
legislation event
legislation government
legislator entity
legislator leader
legislator object
legislator organism
legislator person
legislator politician
legislator whole
legislature abstraction
legislature assembly
legislature entity
legislature gathering
legislature group
legitimacy abstraction
legitimacy attribute
legitimacy entity
legitimacy quality
legitimate affirm
legitimate confirm
legitimate justify
legitimate uphold
legitimate change
legume climber
legume entity
legume herb
legume object
legume organism
legume plant
legume vine
legume whole
legume entity
legume fruit
legume object
legume pod
legume whole
legume entity
legume food
legume matter
legume produce
legume solid
legume vegetable
leisure abstraction
leisure entity
leisure measure
leisure abstraction
leisure act
leisure entity
leisure event
leisure inactivity
leisure rest
lemon citrus
lemon entity
lemon food
lemon fruit
lemon matter
lemon object
lemon produce
lemon solid
lemon whole
lemon citrus
lemon entity
lemon object
lemon organism
lemon plant
lemon tree
lemon whole
lemon abstraction
lemon cognition
lemon entity
lemon perception
lemon process
lemon relish
lemon sensation
lemon taste
lemon artifact
lemon entity
lemon object
lemon whole
lemonade abstraction
lemonade beverage
lemonade entity
lemonade fluid
lemonade food
lemonade liquid
lemonade matter
lemonade part
lemonade relation
lemonade substance
lend change
lend give
lend transfer
lend be
lender capitalist
lender entity
lender investor
lender object
lender organism
lender person
lender whole
length abstraction
length attribute
length dimension
length entity
length magnitude
length measure
length property
length abstraction
length attribute
length entity
length extent
length magnitude
length property
length entity
length object
length part
length section
lengthen change
lengthen increase
lengthen change
lengthen grow
lengthen increase
lens artifact
lens device
lens entity
lens instrumentality
lens object
lens whole
lens abstraction
lens entity
lens genus
lens group
lens abstraction
lens act
lens channel
lens communication
lens entity
lens event
lens entity
lens organ
lens part
lens thing
lens artifact
lens entity
lens equipment
lens instrumentality
lens object
lens whole
lent abstraction
lent entity
lent measure
lent season
lentil entity
lentil food
lentil legume
lentil matter
lentil produce
lentil solid
lentil vegetable
lentil entity
lentil fruit
lentil legume
lentil object
lentil pod
lentil whole
lentil climber
lentil entity
lentil herb
lentil legume
lentil object
lentil organism
lentil plant
lentil vine
lentil whole
leopard abstraction
leopard entity
leopard fur
leopard material
leopard matter
leopard part
leopard relation
leopard substance
leopard animal
leopard carnivore
leopard entity
leopard feline
leopard mammal
leopard object
leopard organism
leopard vertebrate
leopard whole
leprechaun abstraction
leprechaun belief
leprechaun cognition
leprechaun content
leprechaun elf
leprechaun entity
leprechaun fairy
leprosy abstraction
leprosy attribute
leprosy condition
leprosy disease
leprosy entity
leprosy illness
leprosy state
lesbian entity
lesbian homosexual
lesbian object
lesbian organism
lesbian person
lesbian whole
lesbian entity
lesbian inhabitant
lesbian object
lesbian organism
lesbian person
lesbian whole
lesion abstraction
lesion attribute
lesion condition
lesion entity
lesion pathology
lesion state
lesson abstraction
lesson act
lesson activity
lesson education
lesson entity
lesson event
lesson occupation
lesson profession
lesson teaching
lesson abstraction
lesson act
lesson activity
lesson assignment
lesson entity
lesson event
lesson undertaking
lesson work
let abstraction
let act
let action
let change
let entity
let event
let maneuver
let motion
let serve
let stroke
let induce
let leave
let refrain
letter abstraction
letter artifact
letter communication
letter creation
letter document
letter entity
letter matter
letter object
letter representation
letter text
letter whole
letter writing
letter abstraction
letter character
letter communication
letter entity
letter signal
letter symbol
letter businessman
letter businessperson
letter capitalist
letter entity
letter object
letter organism
letter owner
letter person
letter whole
letter abstraction
letter communication
letter entity
letter explanation
letter interpretation
letter message
letter statement
letter abstraction
letter award
letter communication
letter entity
letter signal
letter symbol
letter earn
letter get
letter change
letter mark
letter print
letter trace
letter write
letter change
letter mark
letter trace
letter write
letterhead abstraction
letterhead entity
letterhead material
letterhead matter
letterhead paper
letterhead part
letterhead relation
letterhead substance
lettuce entity
lettuce herb
lettuce object
lettuce organism
lettuce plant
lettuce whole
lettuce entity
lettuce food
lettuce greens
lettuce matter
lettuce produce
lettuce solid
lettuce vegetable
leukemia abstraction
leukemia attribute
leukemia cancer
leukemia condition
leukemia disease
leukemia entity
leukemia growth
leukemia illness
leukemia malignancy
leukemia state
leukemia tumor
level abstraction
level altitude
level distance
level elevation
level entity
level placement
level position
level relation
level spacing
level artifact
level device
level entity
level indicator
level instrumentality
level object
level whole
level abstraction
level cognition
level entity
level place
level aim
level move
level position
level put
level destroy
level act
level communicate
level interact
level talk
level change
lever artifact
lever bar
lever entity
lever implement
lever instrumentality
lever object
lever whole
lever artifact
lever device
lever entity
lever instrumentality
lever machine
lever mechanism
lever object
lever whole
lever artifact
lever entity
lever object
lever obstruction
lever structure
lever tumbler
lever whole
leverage entity
leverage phenomenon
leverage process
leverage abstraction
leverage advantage
leverage asset
leverage attribute
leverage entity
leverage quality
leverage abstraction
leverage act
leverage commerce
leverage entity
leverage event
leverage finance
leverage transaction
leverage add
leverage change
leverage increase
leverage supplement
leverage give
leverage supply
leverage transfer
leviathan entity
leviathan freak
leviathan mutant
leviathan object
leviathan organism
leviathan whole
leviathan ability
leviathan abstraction
leviathan cognition
leviathan creativity
leviathan entity
leviathan imagination
leviathan monster
levitation entity
levitation phenomenon
levitation process
levitation abstraction
levitation entity
levitation event
levitation happening
levitation movement
levitation abstraction
levitation act
levitation action
levitation change
levitation entity
levitation event
levitation motion
levitation rise
levy abstraction
levy charge
levy entity
levy possession
levy relation
levy abstraction
levy act
levy conscription
levy entity
levy event
levy mobilization
levy account
levy charge
liability abstraction
liability attribute
liability condition
liability entity
liability state
liability susceptibility
liability abstraction
liability attribute
liability bad
liability entity
liability quality
liaison abstraction
liaison act
liaison channel
liaison communication
liaison entity
liaison event
liar deceiver
liar entity
liar object
liar organism
liar person
liar whole
libel abstraction
libel communication
libel defamation
libel entity
libel message
libel abstraction
libel communication
libel complaint
libel entity
libel message
libel pleading
libel statement
libel charge
libel defame
liberal adult
liberal entity
liberal object
liberal organism
liberal person
liberal whole
liberal adult
liberal entity
liberal object
liberal organism
liberal person
liberal whole
liberalism abstraction
liberalism attitude
liberalism cognition
liberalism entity
liberalism orientation
liberalism abstraction
liberalism cognition
liberalism entity
liberalism explanation
liberalism process
liberalism theory
liberalism thinking
liberality abstraction
liberality attitude
liberality cognition
liberality entity
liberality tolerance
liberality abstraction
liberality attribute
liberality entity
liberality generosity
liberality good
liberality kindness
liberality morality
liberality quality
liberalization abstraction
liberalization act
liberalization action
liberalization change
liberalization decrease
liberalization easing
liberalization entity
liberalization event
liberate free
liberation abstraction
liberation accomplishment
liberation act
liberation action
liberation entity
liberation event
liberation abstraction
liberation act
liberation activity
liberation attempt
liberation entity
liberation event
liberator benefactor
liberator entity
liberator object
liberator organism
liberator person
liberator whole
libertarian advocate
libertarian entity
libertarian object
libertarian organism
libertarian person
libertarian whole
libertarian entity
libertarian intellectual
libertarian object
libertarian organism
libertarian person
libertarian philosopher
libertarian scholar
libertarian whole
liberty abstraction
liberty attribute
liberty entity
liberty freedom
liberty state
liberty abstraction
liberty attribute
liberty entity
liberty freedom
liberty state
libido abstraction
libido attribute
libido desire
libido entity
libido feeling
libido state
library area
library artifact
library entity
library object
library room
library structure
library whole
library abstraction
library collection
library entity
library group
library artifact
library depository
library entity
library facility
library object
library whole
library abstraction
library collection
library entity
library group
library artifact
library building
library entity
library object
library structure
library whole
license abstraction
license communication
license document
license entity
license writing
license abstraction
license attribute
license entity
license freedom
license liberty
license state
license abstraction
license attribute
license entity
license freedom
license liberty
license state
license abstraction
license act
license authorization
license entity
license event
license management
license accept
license act
license authorize
license permit
license react
lick abstraction
lick act
lick entity
lick event
lick touch
lick stroke
lick touch
lid artifact
lid covering
lid entity
lid object
lid top
lid whole
lie abstraction
lie communication
lie entity
lie falsehood
lie message
lie statement
lie entity
lie location
lie object
lie point
lie position
lie be
lie act
lie communicate
lie inform
lie interact
lie be
lied abstraction
lied communication
lied entity
lied music
lied song
lieutenancy abstraction
lieutenancy act
lieutenancy activity
lieutenancy entity
lieutenancy event
lieutenancy occupation
lieutenancy position
lieutenant entity
lieutenant object
lieutenant organism
lieutenant person
lieutenant serviceman
lieutenant whole
lieutenant worker
lieutenant defender
lieutenant entity
lieutenant object
lieutenant organism
lieutenant person
lieutenant whole
lieutenant entity
lieutenant object
lieutenant organism
lieutenant person
lieutenant serviceman
lieutenant whole
lieutenant worker
life abstraction
life attribute
life being
life entity
life state
life abstraction
life cognition
life content
life entity
life experience
life abstraction
life attribute
life being
life entity
life state
life abstraction
life entity
life measure
life abstraction
life entity
life measure
life abstraction
life entity
life measure
life entity
life object
life organism
life person
life whole
life entity
life object
life whole
life entity
life phenomenon
life process
life abstraction
life entity
life motivation
lifeboat artifact
lifeboat boat
lifeboat conveyance
lifeboat craft
lifeboat entity
lifeboat instrumentality
lifeboat object
lifeboat vehicle
lifeboat vessel
lifeboat whole
lifer convict
lifer entity
lifer object
lifer organism
lifer person
lifer prisoner
lifer unfortunate
lifer whole
lift abstraction
lift act
lift activity
lift aid
lift entity
lift event
lift abstraction
lift entity
lift event
lift happening
lift movement
lift wave
lift artifact
lift device
lift entity
lift instrumentality
lift object
lift whole
lift artifact
lift entity
lift layer
lift object
lift whole
lift abstraction
lift act
lift action
lift change
lift drive
lift entity
lift event
lift journey
lift motion
lift travel
lift abstraction
lift act
lift entity
lift event
lift propulsion
lift move
lift utter
lift change
lift remove
lift agree
lift arrange
lift pay
lift settle
lift change
lift dig
lift empty
lift hollow
lift ask
lift call
lift communicate
lift convey
lift move
lift order
lift request
lift transfer
lift change
lift heave
lift change
lift end
lift remove
lift scalp
lift remove
ligament entity
ligament part
ligament thing
ligament tissue
ligament artifact
ligament attachment
ligament connection
ligament entity
ligament instrumentality
ligament object
ligament whole
ligature abstraction
ligature communication
ligature entity
ligature music
ligature passage
ligature phrase
ligature abstraction
ligature character
ligature communication
ligature entity
ligature signal
ligature symbol
ligature artifact
ligature band
ligature device
ligature entity
ligature instrumentality
ligature object
ligature restraint
ligature whole
ligature artifact
ligature cord
ligature entity
ligature line
ligature object
ligature thread
ligature whole
light energy
light entity
light phenomenon
light process
light radiation
light artifact
light device
light entity
light instrumentality
light object
light whole
light abstraction
light attitude
light cognition
light entity
light orientation
light position
light area
light entity
light location
light object
light region
light scene
light abstraction
light attribute
light condition
light entity
light state
light abstraction
light attribute
light entity
light property
light entity
light friend
light object
light organism
light person
light whole
light abstraction
light attribute
light entity
light illumination
light state
light abstraction
light cognition
light entity
light insight
light knowing
light process
light understanding
light abstraction
light cognition
light entity
light abstraction
light communication
light entity
light signal
light change
light lighten
lighten cheer
lighten evaluate
lighten measure
lighten praise
lighten think
lighten remove
lighten cheer
lighten feel
lighten rejoice
lighten change
lightening abstraction
lightening descent
lightening entity
lightening event
lightening happening
lightening movement
lighter artifact
lighter device
lighter entity
lighter instrumentality
lighter object
lighter whole
lighter move
lighter transport
lighting apparatus
lighting artifact
lighting entity
lighting equipment
lighting instrumentality
lighting object
lighting whole
lighting abstraction
lighting act
lighting activity
lighting entity
lighting event
lighting occupation
lighting trade
lightness abstraction
lightness attribute
lightness entity
lightness property
lightness weight
lightness abstraction
lightness attribute
lightness entity
lightness property
lightness value
lightning abstraction
lightning discharge
lightning entity
lightning event
lightning happening
lightning phenomenon
lightning process
lightning abstraction
lightning entity
lightning event
lightning flash
lightning happening
lightweight boxer
lightweight combatant
lightweight entity
lightweight object
lightweight organism
lightweight person
lightweight whole
lightweight boxer
lightweight combatant
lightweight entity
lightweight object
lightweight organism
lightweight person
lightweight whole
lightweight combatant
lightweight entity
lightweight object
lightweight organism
lightweight person
lightweight whole
lightweight wrestler
like abstraction
like category
like cognition
like concept
like content
like entity
like idea
like kind
like abstraction
like category
like cognition
like concept
like content
like entity
like idea
like kind
like evaluate
like see
like think
like desire
likelihood abstraction
likelihood attribute
likelihood entity
likelihood probability
likelihood quality
likeness abstraction
likeness attribute
likeness entity
likeness quality
likeness sameness
likeness similarity
likeness artifact
likeness creation
likeness entity
likeness object
likeness picture
likeness representation
likeness whole
liking abstraction
liking attribute
liking entity
liking feeling
liking state
lilac entity
lilac object
lilac organism
lilac plant
lilac shrub
lilac whole
lily entity
lily object
lily organism
lily plant
lily whole
limb entity
limb extremity
limb part
limb thing
limb branch
limb entity
limb object
limb stalk
limb whole
limb boundary
limb edge
limb entity
limb extremity
limb location
limb object
limb region
limb entity
limb object
limb part
limb abstraction
limb arc
limb attribute
limb curve
limb entity
limb line
limb shape
limber artifact
limber container
limber conveyance
limber entity
limber instrumentality
limber object
limber vehicle
limber whole
limber attach
limber connect
limber exercise
limber use
limber work
limbo ability
limbo abstraction
limbo cognition
limbo creativity
limbo entity
limbo imagination
limbo ability
limbo abstraction
limbo cognition
limbo creativity
limbo entity
limbo imagination
lime citrus
lime entity
lime object
lime organism
lime plant
lime tree
lime whole
lime citrus
lime entity
lime food
lime fruit
lime matter
lime object
lime produce
lime solid
lime whole
lime cover
limelight abstraction
limelight attribute
limelight entity
limelight prominence
limelight standing
limelight state
limelight status
limelight artifact
limelight device
limelight entity
limelight instrumentality
limelight lamp
limelight object
limelight whole
limerick abstraction
limerick communication
limerick entity
limerick poem
limerick verse
limerick writing
limestone abstraction
limestone entity
limestone material
limestone matter
limestone part
limestone relation
limestone rock
limestone substance
limit abstraction
limit attribute
limit entity
limit extent
limit magnitude
limit property
limit entity
limit extremity
limit location
limit object
limit region
limit boundary
limit entity
limit extremity
limit location
limit object
limit region
limit abstraction
limit entity
limit measure
limit abstraction
limit entity
limit measure
limit change
limit decrease
limitation abstraction
limitation attribute
limitation bad
limitation disadvantage
limitation entity
limitation liability
limitation quality
limitation abstraction
limitation entity
limitation measure
limitation abstraction
limitation act
limitation activity
limitation control
limitation entity
limitation event
limitation regulation
limousine artifact
limousine car
limousine container
limousine conveyance
limousine entity
limousine instrumentality
limousine object
limousine vehicle
limousine whole
limp travel
limp walk
limp proceed
limp travel
line abstraction
line arrangement
line entity
line formation
line group
line abstraction
line communication
line entity
line indication
line mark
line abstraction
line arrangement
line entity
line formation
line group
line abstraction
line attribute
line entity
line shape
line abstraction
line communication
line entity
line matter
line text
line writing
line energy
line entity
line phenomenon
line process
line radiation
line entity
line location
line object
line point
line entity
line location
line object
line artifact
line entity
line object
line road
line way
line whole
line abstraction
line act
line conformity
line cooperation
line entity
line event
line artifact
line entity
line object
line whole
line abstraction
line communication
line entity
line indication
line mark
line artifact
line commodity
line entity
line merchandise
line object
line whole
line abstraction
line business
line carrier
line enterprise
line entity
line group
line organization
line abstraction
line act
line communication
line entity
line event
line persuasion
line abstraction
line cognition
line differentiation
line discrimination
line entity
line process
line be
line lie
line cover
line cut
line move
line notch
line score
line separate
line change
line fill
line change
line reinforce
line strengthen
lineage abstraction
lineage entity
lineage genealogy
lineage group
lineage kin
linen artifact
linen entity
linen fabric
linen object
linen whole
linen abstraction
linen entity
linen material
linen matter
linen paper
linen part
linen relation
linen substance
linen artifact
linen commodity
linen entity
linen object
linen whole
liner abstraction
liner act
liner entity
liner event
liner fly
liner hit
liner touch
liner artifact
liner entity
liner fabric
liner object
liner part
liner piece
liner whole
liner artifact
liner conveyance
liner craft
liner entity
liner instrumentality
liner object
liner ship
liner vehicle
liner vessel
liner whole
lineup abstraction
lineup arrangement
lineup entity
lineup formation
lineup group
lineup line
linger persist
linger move
lingerie artifact
lingerie clothing
lingerie commodity
lingerie covering
lingerie entity
lingerie garment
lingerie object
lingerie underwear
lingerie whole
lingual abstraction
lingual consonant
lingual entity
lingual part
lingual phone
lingual relation
linguist entity
linguist object
linguist organism
linguist person
linguist scientist
linguist whole
linguist entity
linguist object
linguist organism
linguist person
linguist whole
linguistics abstraction
linguistics cognition
linguistics content
linguistics discipline
linguistics entity
linguistics science
linguistics abstraction
linguistics cognition
linguistics content
linguistics discipline
linguistics entity
lining artifact
lining covering
lining entity
lining object
lining whole
lining abstraction
lining act
lining activity
lining application
lining entity
lining event
lining labor
lining work
lining abstraction
lining act
lining activity
lining entity
lining event
lining insulation
lining protection
link abstraction
link connection
link entity
link linkage
link relation
link artifact
link device
link entity
link fastener
link instrumentality
link object
link restraint
link whole
link abstraction
link entity
link measure
link abstraction
link code
link communication
link entity
link instruction
link writing
link artifact
link circuit
link device
link entity
link instrumentality
link object
link whole
linkage abstraction
linkage connection
linkage entity
linkage relation
linkage abstraction
linkage attribute
linkage entity
linkage heredity
linkage inheritance
linkage property
linkage artifact
linkage entity
linkage instrumentality
linkage object
linkage system
linkage whole
linkage abstraction
linkage act
linkage action
linkage change
linkage entity
linkage event
linkage joining
links artifact
links course
links entity
links facility
links object
links whole
linseed entity
linseed fruit
linseed object
linseed seed
linseed whole
lion animal
lion carnivore
lion entity
lion feline
lion mammal
lion object
lion organism
lion vertebrate
lion whole
lion adult
lion celebrity
lion entity
lion object
lion organism
lion person
lion whole
lioness animal
lioness carnivore
lioness entity
lioness feline
lioness lion
lioness mammal
lioness object
lioness organism
lioness vertebrate
lioness whole
lip entity
lip organ
lip part
lip thing
lip entity
lip object
lip whole
lip abstraction
lip attribute
lip boundary
lip entity
lip line
lip margin
lip shape
lipid abstraction
lipid chemical
lipid compound
lipid entity
lipid material
lipid matter
lipid molecule
lipid part
lipid relation
lipid substance
lipid thing
lipid unit
lipstick artifact
lipstick cosmetic
lipstick entity
lipstick instrumentality
lipstick makeup
lipstick object
lipstick whole
lipstick delineate
lipstick draw
lipstick make
lipstick represent
lipstick better
lipstick change
lipstick groom
liqueur abstraction
liqueur agent
liqueur alcohol
liqueur beverage
liqueur drug
liqueur entity
liqueur fluid
liqueur food
liqueur liquid
liqueur matter
liqueur part
liqueur relation
liqueur substance
liquid abstraction
liquid entity
liquid fluid
liquid matter
liquid part
liquid relation
liquid substance
liquid entity
liquid phenomenon
liquid process
liquid entity
liquid fluid
liquid matter
liquid abstraction
liquid consonant
liquid entity
liquid part
liquid phone
liquid relation
liquidation abstraction
liquidation act
liquidation action
liquidation change
liquidation entity
liquidation event
liquidation termination
liquidity abstraction
liquidity attribute
liquidity entity
liquidity quality
liquor abstraction
liquor agent
liquor alcohol
liquor beverage
liquor drug
liquor entity
liquor fluid
liquor food
liquor liquid
liquor matter
liquor part
liquor relation
liquor substance
liquor abstraction
liquor entity
liquor fluid
liquor liquid
liquor matter
liquor part
liquor relation
liquor substance
liquor broth
liquor dish
liquor entity
liquor food
liquor matter
liquor soup
liquor substance
lisp abstraction
lisp attribute
lisp condition
lisp disorder
lisp entity
lisp state
lisp abstraction
lisp communication
lisp entity
lisp language
lisp pronounce
list abstraction
list communication
list database
list entity
list information
list message
list denote
list enumerate
list mean
list name
list have
list keep
list record
list register
list save
list move
list bend
list change
list lean
listen perceive
listen concentrate
listen think
listening abstraction
listening act
listening activity
listening entity
listening event
listing abstraction
listing act
listing activity
listing entity
listing event
listing organization
liter abstraction
liter entity
liter measure
literacy ability
literacy abstraction
literacy cognition
literacy entity
literacy skill
literate entity
literate object
literate organism
literate person
literate whole
literature abstraction
literature communication
literature entity
literature writing
literature abstraction
literature cognition
literature content
literature discipline
literature entity
literature abstraction
literature communication
literature entity
literature writing
literature abstraction
literature act
literature activity
literature entity
literature event
literature occupation
literature profession
lithium abstraction
lithium entity
lithium matter
lithium part
lithium relation
lithium substance
lithograph art
lithograph artifact
lithograph creation
lithograph entity
lithograph object
lithograph print
lithograph whole
lithograph apparatus
lithograph artifact
lithograph entity
lithograph equipment
lithograph instrumentality
lithograph object
lithograph whole
lithograph print
lithograph produce
lithograph reproduce
litigation abstraction
litigation act
litigation entity
litigation event
litigation proceeding
litter abstraction
litter entity
litter group
litter abstraction
litter entity
litter material
litter matter
litter part
litter relation
litter rubbish
litter substance
litter waste
litter artifact
litter conveyance
litter entity
litter instrumentality
litter object
litter whole
litter be
litter spread
litter make
litter produce
little abstraction
little entity
little measure
liver entity
liver organ
liver part
liver thing
liver entity
liver food
liver matter
liver meat
liver solid
liver entity
liver object
liver organism
liver person
liver whole
liver entity
liver inhabitant
liver object
liver organism
liver person
liver whole
livery artifact
livery clothing
livery commodity
livery covering
livery entity
livery object
livery uniform
livery whole
livery abstraction
livery act
livery activity
livery care
livery entity
livery event
livery work
livestock animal
livestock entity
livestock mammal
livestock object
livestock organism
livestock vertebrate
livestock whole
living abstraction
living entity
living group
living people
lizard animal
lizard entity
lizard object
lizard organism
lizard reptile
lizard vertebrate
lizard whole
llama animal
llama entity
llama mammal
llama object
llama organism
llama vertebrate
llama whole
load artifact
load entity
load object
load weight
load whole
load abstraction
load entity
load measure
load abstraction
load entity
load measure
load entity
load phenomenon
load power
load process
load artifact
load device
load entity
load instrumentality
load object
load whole
load change
load fill
load change
load fill
load move
load transfer
load move
load put
load change
load corrupt
load modify
loader assistant
loader attendant
loader entity
loader object
loader organism
loader person
loader whole
loader worker
loading abstraction
loading entity
loading ratio
loading relation
loading abstraction
loading act
loading activity
loading entity
loading event
loading handling
loading labor
loading work
loan abstraction
loan debt
loan entity
loan possession
loan relation
lob abstraction
lob act
lob action
lob change
lob entity
lob event
lob maneuver
lob motion
lob return
lob stroke
lob abstraction
lob act
lob entity
lob event
lob propulsion
lob move
lob throw
lobby abstraction
lobby entity
lobby group
lobby people
lobby abstraction
lobby entity
lobby group
lobby organization
lobby unit
lobby communicate
lobby convey
lobby move
lobby request
lobby transfer
lobbyist entity
lobbyist object
lobbyist organism
lobbyist person
lobbyist whole
lobe entity
lobe part
lobe thing
lobe entity
lobe object
lobe whole
lobe abstraction
lobe attribute
lobe curve
lobe entity
lobe line
lobe loop
lobe shape
lobe artifact
lobe entity
lobe object
lobe projection
lobe structure
lobe whole
lobster entity
lobster food
lobster matter
lobster seafood
lobster shellfish
lobster solid
lobster animal
lobster crustacean
lobster entity
lobster invertebrate
lobster object
lobster organism
lobster whole
local artifact
local conveyance
local entity
local instrumentality
local object
local whole
localization abstraction
localization act
localization determination
localization discovery
localization entity
localization event
locate find
locate get
locate move
locate station
location entity
location object
location entity
location location
location object
location point
location workplace
lock artifact
lock device
lock entity
lock fastener
lock instrumentality
lock object
lock restraint
lock whole
lock covering
lock entity
lock hair
lock object
lock whole
lock artifact
lock device
lock entity
lock instrumentality
lock mechanism
lock object
lock whole
lock area
lock artifact
lock enclosure
lock entity
lock object
lock structure
lock whole
lock artifact
lock device
lock entity
lock instrumentality
lock object
lock restraint
lock whole
lock abstraction
lock act
lock activity
lock clasp
lock control
lock entity
lock event
lock grasping
lock attach
lock connect
lock fasten
lock engage
lock touch
lock hold
lock arouse
lock make
lock overwhelm
lock pass
lock travel
lock construct
lock make
locker artifact
locker device
locker entity
locker fastener
locker instrumentality
locker object
locker restraint
locker whole
locket artifact
locket case
locket container
locket entity
locket instrumentality
locket object
locket whole
locking abstraction
locking act
locking activity
locking entity
locking event
locking protection
locomotion abstraction
locomotion attribute
locomotion entity
locomotion mobility
locomotion quality
locomotion abstraction
locomotion act
locomotion action
locomotion change
locomotion entity
locomotion event
locomotion motion
locomotive artifact
locomotive container
locomotive conveyance
locomotive entity
locomotive instrumentality
locomotive object
locomotive vehicle
locomotive whole
locust animal
locust entity
locust grasshopper
locust insect
locust invertebrate
locust object
locust organism
locust whole
locust abstraction
locust entity
locust material
locust matter
locust part
locust relation
locust substance
locust wood
lodge artifact
lodge building
lodge dwelling
lodge entity
lodge house
lodge housing
lodge object
lodge structure
lodge whole
lodge artifact
lodge building
lodge dwelling
lodge entity
lodge house
lodge housing
lodge object
lodge structure
lodge whole
lodge artifact
lodge dwelling
lodge entity
lodge housing
lodge object
lodge structure
lodge whole
lodge be
lodge populate
lodge attach
lodge connect
lodge fasten
lodge give
lodge house
lodge shelter
lodge supply
lodge transfer
lodging abstraction
lodging act
lodging entity
lodging event
lodging residency
loft artifact
loft entity
loft floor
loft object
loft structure
loft whole
loft artifact
loft entity
loft floor
loft object
loft structure
loft whole
loft abstraction
loft entity
loft gradient
loft pitch
loft position
loft relation
loft artifact
loft entity
loft object
loft shelter
loft structure
loft whole
loft have
loft keep
loft store
loft move
loft hit
loft move
loft plan
loft think
log abstraction
log entity
log material
log matter
log part
log relation
log substance
log wood
log abstraction
log communication
log entity
log evidence
log indication
log record
log abstraction
log communication
log entity
log evidence
log indication
log record
log artifact
log device
log entity
log instrumentality
log instrument
log object
log whole
log have
log keep
log record
log save
log cut
log fell
log move
log separate
logarithm abstraction
logarithm communication
logarithm entity
logarithm exponent
logarithm notation
logarithm writing
logbook abstraction
logbook communication
logbook entity
logbook fact
logbook information
logbook message
logbook record
logging abstraction
logging act
logging activity
logging entity
logging event
logging work
logic abstraction
logic cognition
logic content
logic discipline
logic entity
logic philosophy
logic ability
logic abstraction
logic cognition
logic entity
logic wisdom
logic abstraction
logic cognition
logic concept
logic content
logic entity
logic idea
logic law
logic principle
logic ability
logic abstraction
logic cognition
logic entity
logic method
logic system
logic ability
logic abstraction
logic cognition
logic entity
logic method
logic system
logistics abstraction
logistics act
logistics activity
logistics entity
logistics event
logistics provision
logo abstraction
logo communication
logo entity
logo marker
logo signal
logo symbol
logo trademark
loin cut
loin entity
loin food
loin matter
loin meat
loin solid
loin entity
loin part
loin thing
loiter be
loneliness abstraction
loneliness attribute
loneliness entity
loneliness isolation
loneliness separation
loneliness state
loner entity
loner individualist
loner object
loner organism
loner person
loner whole
longbow artifact
longbow bow
longbow device
longbow entity
longbow instrumentality
longbow instrument
longbow object
longbow weapon
longbow whole
longer entity
longer object
longer organism
longer person
longer whole
longevity abstraction
longevity attribute
longevity duration
longevity entity
longevity property
longevity abstraction
longevity age
longevity attribute
longevity entity
longevity property
longhorn animal
longhorn beef
longhorn bovine
longhorn cattle
longhorn entity
longhorn mammal
longhorn object
longhorn organism
longhorn vertebrate
longhorn whole
longing abstraction
longing attribute
longing desire
longing entity
longing feeling
longing state
longitude abstraction
longitude angle
longitude attribute
longitude entity
longitude location
longitude object
longitude shape
longitude space
look abstraction
look act
look activity
look entity
look event
look abstraction
look appearance
look attribute
look entity
look quality
look be
look act
look communicate
look convey
look impart
look inform
look interact
look tell
look equal
look match
looking abstraction
looking act
looking activity
looking entity
looking event
looking search
lookout defender
lookout entity
lookout guard
lookout object
lookout organism
lookout person
lookout watchman
lookout whole
lookout entity
lookout location
lookout object
lookout point
lookout position
lookout post
lookout artifact
lookout entity
lookout object
lookout structure
lookout whole
lookout abstraction
lookout act
lookout activity
lookout entity
lookout event
lookout look
loom artifact
loom device
loom entity
loom instrumentality
loom machine
loom object
loom whole
loom be
loom look
loom be
loom look
loom rise
loom make
loom weave
loon entity
loon object
loon organism
loon person
loon whole
loon animal
loon bird
loon entity
loon object
loon organism
loon seabird
loon vertebrate
loon whole
loop abstraction
loop attribute
loop curve
loop entity
loop line
loop shape
loop abstraction
loop clique
loop entity
loop group
loop set
loop abstraction
loop communication
loop entity
loop evidence
loop fingerprint
loop identification
loop indication
loop mark
loop abstraction
loop code
loop communication
loop entity
loop program
loop software
loop writing
loop artifact
loop contraceptive
loop device
loop entity
loop instrumentality
loop object
loop whole
loop abstraction
loop act
loop entity
loop escape
loop evasion
loop event
loop maneuver
loop circle
loop travel
loop connect
loop join
loop knit
loop circle
loop travel
loop attach
loop connect
loop fasten
loop tie
loophole abstraction
loophole ambiguity
loophole communication
loophole entity
loophole saying
loophole speech
loophole artifact
loophole entity
loophole hole
loophole object
loophole opening
loophole whole
loosen change
loosen decrease
loosen weaken
loot abstraction
loot entity
loot possession
loot relation
loot steal
loot take
lord aristocrat
lord entity
lord leader
lord object
lord organism
lord person
lord whole
lord appoint
lord delegate
lord promote
lordship abstraction
lordship entity
lordship name
lordship part
lordship relation
lordship title
lordship abstraction
lordship attribute
lordship authority
lordship control
lordship entity
lordship power
lordship quality
lore abstraction
lore cognition
lore content
lore entity
lose feel
lose suffer
loser contestant
loser entity
loser object
loser organism
loser person
loser whole
loser entity
loser gambler
loser object
loser organism
loser person
loser whole
loss abstraction
loss entity
loss possession
loss relation
loss decline
loss decrease
loss entity
loss process
loss abstraction
loss act
loss entity
loss event
loss failure
loss abstraction
loss attribute
loss bad
loss disadvantage
loss entity
loss liability
loss quality
loss abstraction
loss entity
loss event
loss experience
loss happening
loss abstraction
loss assets
loss entity
loss possession
loss relation
loss sum
lot entity
lot location
lot object
lot region
lot tract
lot change
lot divide
lotion artifact
lotion entity
lotion instrumentality
lotion object
lotion whole
lotion agent
lotion drug
lotion entity
lotion matter
lotion medicine
lotion remedy
lotion substance
lottery abstraction
lottery accident
lottery entity
lottery event
lottery happening
lottery abstraction
lottery act
lottery activity
lottery diversion
lottery entity
lottery event
lottery gambling
lottery game
lottery transgression
lottery vice
lotus entity
lotus object
lotus organism
lotus plant
lotus whole
lotus abstraction
lotus entity
lotus genus
lotus group
lotus entity
lotus object
lotus organism
lotus plant
lotus whole
lounge area
lounge artifact
lounge entity
lounge object
lounge room
lounge structure
lounge whole
lounge sit
love abstraction
love attribute
love emotion
love entity
love feeling
love state
love abstraction
love cognition
love content
love entity
love object
love abstraction
love attribute
love desire
love entity
love feeling
love state
love abstraction
love entity
love measure
love number
love score
love like
love love
lover entity
lover object
lover organism
lover person
lover whole
lover entity
lover object
lover organism
lover person
lover whole
low atmosphere
low entity
low phenomenon
low process
low weather
low abstraction
low attribute
low degree
low entity
low property
lower move
lower change
lowering abstraction
lowering act
lowering action
lowering change
lowering decrease
lowering entity
lowering event
lowering abstraction
lowering act
lowering action
lowering change
lowering entity
lowering event
lowering movement
lowland entity
lowland object
loyalist advocate
loyalist entity
loyalist object
loyalist organism
loyalist person
loyalist supporter
loyalist whole
loyalty abstraction
loyalty attribute
loyalty entity
loyalty fidelity
loyalty quality
loyalty abstraction
loyalty attribute
loyalty emotion
loyalty entity
loyalty feeling
loyalty love
loyalty state
lozenge candy
lozenge dainty
lozenge entity
lozenge food
lozenge matter
lozenge substance
lozenge sweet
lubricant entity
lubricant matter
lubricant substance
luck entity
luck phenomenon
luck process
luck entity
luck phenomenon
luck process
lug artifact
lug entity
lug object
lug projection
lug structure
lug whole
lug move
lug transport
lullaby abstraction
lullaby communication
lullaby entity
lullaby music
lullaby song
lullaby abstraction
lullaby act
lullaby activity
lullaby entity
lullaby event
lullaby music
lullaby song
lumber artifact
lumber entity
lumber object
lumber whole
lumber travel
lumber walk
lumberman employee
lumberman entity
lumberman laborer
lumberman object
lumberman organism
lumberman person
lumberman whole
lumberman worker
lumberman workman
luminary adult
luminary celebrity
luminary entity
luminary object
luminary organism
luminary person
luminary whole
luminescence energy
luminescence entity
luminescence light
luminescence phenomenon
luminescence process
luminescence radiation
luminescence abstraction
luminescence attribute
luminescence entity
luminescence luminosity
luminescence property
luminosity abstraction
luminosity attribute
luminosity entity
luminosity property
lump have
lump keep
lump store
lunatic entity
lunatic object
lunatic organism
lunatic person
lunatic unfortunate
lunatic whole
lunch entity
lunch food
lunch matter
lunch meal
lunch substance
lunch consume
lunch eat
lunch feed
lunch give
lunch provide
lunch transfer
lung entity
lung organ
lung part
lung thing
lupus abstraction
lupus attribute
lupus condition
lupus disease
lupus entity
lupus illness
lupus state
lurch abstraction
lurch act
lurch action
lurch change
lurch entity
lurch event
lurch gait
lurch locomotion
lurch motion
lurch walk
lurch abstraction
lurch defeat
lurch ending
lurch entity
lurch event
lurch failure
lurch happening
lurch abstraction
lurch act
lurch action
lurch change
lurch entity
lurch event
lurch motion
lurch abstraction
lurch act
lurch action
lurch change
lurch entity
lurch event
lurch motion
lurch move
lurch travel
lure abstraction
lure attraction
lure attribute
lure entity
lure quality
lurk hide
lust abstraction
lust act
lust activity
lust entity
lust event
lust sin
lust transgression
luxuriate consume
luxuriate give
luxuriate pay
luxuriate spend
luxuriate transfer
luxuriate boom
luxuriate change
luxuriate grow
luxuriate increase
luxury abstraction
luxury attribute
luxury entity
luxury indiscipline
luxury indulgence
luxury trait
luxury abstraction
luxury attribute
luxury condition
luxury entity
luxury state
luxury wealth
lye abstraction
lye caustic
lye chemical
lye compound
lye entity
lye material
lye matter
lye part
lye relation
lye substance
lying abstraction
lying act
lying activity
lying entity
lying event
lying falsification
lymph abstraction
lymph entity
lymph matter
lymph part
lymph relation
lymph substance
lymphoma abstraction
lymphoma attribute
lymphoma cancer
lymphoma condition
lymphoma disease
lymphoma entity
lymphoma growth
lymphoma illness
lymphoma malignancy
lymphoma state
lymphoma tumor
lynch kill
lynching abstraction
lynching act
lynching action
lynching change
lynching entity
lynching event
lynching homicide
lynching killing
lynching murder
lynching termination
lynx animal
lynx carnivore
lynx cat
lynx entity
lynx feline
lynx mammal
lynx object
lynx organism
lynx vertebrate
lynx whole
lynx wildcat
lyre artifact
lyre device
lyre entity
lyre harp
lyre instrumentality
lyre object
lyre whole
lyric abstraction
lyric communication
lyric entity
lyric matter
lyric text
lyric writing
lyric abstraction
lyric communication
lyric entity
lyric poem
lyric writing
lyric make
lyric write
lyricism abstraction
lyricism activeness
lyricism animation
lyricism attribute
lyricism entity
lyricism exuberance
lyricism trait
lyricist entity
lyricist object
lyricist organism
lyricist person
lyricist whole
lyricist writer
ma ancestor
ma entity
ma mother
ma object
ma organism
ma parent
ma person
ma relative
ma whole
mace artifact
mace device
mace entity
mace fluid
mace gas
mace instrumentality
mace instrument
mace matter
mace object
mace weapon
mace whole
mace entity
mace food
mace foodstuff
mace ingredient
mace matter
mace spice
mace substance
mace abstraction
mace communication
mace entity
mace signal
mace staff
mace symbol
machete artifact
machete device
machete entity
machete instrumentality
machete instrument
machete knife
machete object
machete weapon
machete whole
machine artifact
machine device
machine entity
machine instrumentality
machine object
machine whole
machine entity
machine object
machine organism
machine person
machine whole
machine abstraction
machine entity
machine group
machine organization
machine artifact
machine device
machine entity
machine instrumentality
machine mechanism
machine object
machine whole
machine abstraction
machine entity
machine group
machine organization
machine make
machine shape
machine produce
machinery artifact
machinery device
machinery entity
machinery instrumentality
machinery machine
machinery object
machinery whole
machinery abstraction
machinery entity
machinery group
machinery system
machinist craftsman
machinist entity
machinist object
machinist organism
machinist person
machinist whole
machinist worker
mackerel entity
mackerel food
mackerel matter
mackerel seafood
mackerel solid
mackerel animal
mackerel entity
mackerel fish
mackerel object
mackerel organism
mackerel vertebrate
mackerel whole
macro abstraction
macro code
macro communication
macro entity
macro instruction
macro writing
madam businessperson
madam businesswoman
madam capitalist
madam entity
madam object
madam organism
madam person
madam whole
madame adult
madame dame
madame entity
madame female
madame object
madame organism
madame person
madame whole
madame woman
madder entity
madder object
madder organism
madder plant
madder whole
madder change
madder color
madness abstraction
madness activeness
madness animation
madness attribute
madness entity
madness exuberance
madness trait
maestro artist
maestro creator
maestro entity
maestro object
maestro organism
maestro person
maestro whole
mafia abstraction
mafia entity
mafia group
mafia syndicate
mafia abstraction
mafia entity
mafia group
mafia abstraction
mafia clique
mafia entity
mafia group
mafia set
magazine artifact
magazine creation
magazine entity
magazine instrumentality
magazine medium
magazine object
magazine press
magazine product
magazine publication
magazine whole
magazine work
magazine artifact
magazine creation
magazine entity
magazine object
magazine product
magazine whole
magazine abstraction
magazine business
magazine enterprise
magazine entity
magazine firm
magazine group
magazine organization
magazine publisher
magazine artifact
magazine device
magazine entity
magazine instrumentality
magazine mechanism
magazine object
magazine whole
magazine artifact
magazine depository
magazine entity
magazine facility
magazine object
magazine storehouse
magazine whole
magenta abstraction
magenta attribute
magenta color
magenta entity
magenta property
magenta red
maggot animal
maggot entity
maggot grub
maggot larva
maggot object
maggot organism
maggot whole
magic abstraction
magic belief
magic cognition
magic content
magic entity
magician entertainer
magician entity
magician object
magician organism
magician performer
magician person
magician whole
magistrate entity
magistrate judge
magistrate object
magistrate official
magistrate organism
magistrate person
magistrate whole
magistrate worker
magma abstraction
magma entity
magma material
magma matter
magma part
magma relation
magma rock
magma substance
magnesium abstraction
magnesium entity
magnesium matter
magnesium part
magnesium relation
magnesium substance
magnet artifact
magnet device
magnet entity
magnet instrumentality
magnet object
magnet whole
magnetism attraction
magnetism entity
magnetism force
magnetism phenomenon
magnetism process
magnetism abstraction
magnetism cognition
magnetism content
magnetism discipline
magnetism entity
magnetism geology
magnetism geophysics
magnetism science
magnetization abstraction
magnetization entity
magnetization measure
magnetization entity
magnetization process
magnetization abstraction
magnetization attribute
magnetization entity
magnetization property
magnification abstraction
magnification act
magnification action
magnification change
magnification entity
magnification event
magnification expansion
magnification increase
magnification abstraction
magnification entity
magnification ratio
magnification relation
magnificence abstraction
magnificence attribute
magnificence elegance
magnificence entity
magnificence quality
magnifier artifact
magnifier device
magnifier entity
magnifier instrumentality
magnifier instrument
magnifier object
magnifier whole
magnify change
magnify enlarge
magnify grow
magnify increase
magnitude abstraction
magnitude attribute
magnitude entity
magnitude property
magnitude abstraction
magnitude attribute
magnitude entity
magnitude importance
magnitude quality
magnitude value
magnitude worth
magnolia bark
magnolia covering
magnolia entity
magnolia object
magnolia whole
magnolia entity
magnolia object
magnolia organism
magnolia plant
magnolia tree
magnolia whole
magnum artifact
magnum bottle
magnum container
magnum entity
magnum instrumentality
magnum object
magnum vessel
magnum whole
mahogany abstraction
mahogany entity
mahogany material
mahogany matter
mahogany part
mahogany relation
mahogany substance
mahogany wood
mahogany entity
mahogany object
mahogany organism
mahogany plant
mahogany tree
mahogany whole
maid domestic
maid entity
maid object
maid organism
maid person
maid servant
maid whole
maid worker
maid adult
maid entity
maid female
maid girl
maid object
maid organism
maid person
maid whole
maid woman
mail abstraction
mail communication
mail entity
mail message
mail abstraction
mail act
mail communication
mail entity
mail event
mail artifact
mail conveyance
mail entity
mail instrumentality
mail object
mail whole
mail abstraction
mail collection
mail entity
mail group
mail move
mail send
mail transmit
mail move
mail transfer
main entity
main thing
main artifact
main conduit
main entity
main object
main passage
main pipe
main tube
main way
main whole
mainframe artifact
mainframe computer
mainframe device
mainframe entity
mainframe instrumentality
mainframe machine
mainframe object
mainframe whole
mainland entity
mainland land
mainland object
mainstay artifact
mainstay brace
mainstay device
mainstay entity
mainstay instrumentality
mainstay object
mainstay stay
mainstay support
mainstay whole
mainstream abstraction
mainstream belief
mainstream cognition
mainstream content
mainstream entity
mainstream thought
maintain affirm
maintenance abstraction
maintenance assets
maintenance entity
maintenance possession
maintenance relation
maintenance resource
maintenance support
maintenance abstraction
maintenance act
maintenance activity
maintenance entity
maintenance event
major entity
major object
major organism
major person
major serviceman
major whole
major worker
major entity
major object
major organism
major person
major student
major whole
major abstraction
major cognition
major content
major discipline
major entity
major study
majority abstraction
majority amount
majority attribute
majority entity
majority magnitude
majority number
majority property
majority abstraction
majority entity
majority measure
majority abstraction
majority age
majority entity
majority measure
make change
make cause
make make
make become
make make
make perform
make change
make act
make perpetrate
make assemble
make arrange
make move
make order
make put
make tidy
make change
make be
make total
make amount
make constitute
make be
make look
make pass
make travel
make reach
make make
make guarantee
make act
make make
make evaluate
make see
make think
make calculate
make estimate
make reason
make think
make change
make develop
make generate
make make
make change
make develop
make act
make excrete
make exhaust
makeover abstraction
makeover act
makeover action
makeover beautification
makeover change
makeover entity
makeover event
makeover abstraction
makeover act
makeover action
makeover change
makeover entity
makeover event
makeover improvement
makeover reconstruction
makeover repair
maker creator
maker entity
maker object
maker organism
maker person
maker whole
makeup artifact
makeup cosmetic
makeup entity
makeup instrumentality
makeup object
makeup whole
makeup abstraction
makeup entity
makeup event
making component
making entity
making object
making part
malaria abstraction
malaria attribute
malaria condition
malaria entity
malaria infection
malaria state
male animal
male entity
male object
male organism
male whole
male entity
male object
male organism
male person
male whole
malfunction abstraction
malfunction entity
malfunction event
malfunction failure
malfunction happening
malfunction change
malfunction fail
malice abstraction
malice attribute
malice emotion
malice entity
malice feeling
malice hate
malice state
malignancy abstraction
malignancy attribute
malignancy condition
malignancy disease
malignancy entity
malignancy illness
malignancy state
mallet artifact
mallet entity
mallet implement
mallet instrumentality
mallet object
mallet whole
mallet artifact
mallet drumstick
mallet entity
mallet implement
mallet instrumentality
mallet object
mallet stick
mallet whole
mallet artifact
mallet entity
mallet hammer
mallet implement
mallet instrumentality
mallet object
mallet tool
mallet whole
malnutrition abstraction
malnutrition attribute
malnutrition condition
malnutrition disease
malnutrition entity
malnutrition illness
malnutrition state
malt abstraction
malt agent
malt alcohol
malt beer
malt beverage
malt brew
malt drug
malt entity
malt fluid
malt food
malt lager
malt liquid
malt matter
malt part
malt relation
malt substance
malt entity
malt food
malt foodstuff
malt grain
malt matter
malt substance
malt affect
malt change
malt process
malt change
malt convert
malt change
malt convert
malt change
malt convert
maltreatment abstraction
maltreatment act
maltreatment activity
maltreatment entity
maltreatment event
maltreatment practice
mammal animal
mammal entity
mammal object
mammal organism
mammal vertebrate
mammal whole
mammography abstraction
mammography act
mammography activity
mammography entity
mammography event
mammography procedure
man adult
man entity
man male
man object
man organism
man person
man whole
man entity
man object
man organism
man person
man whole
man assistant
man entity
man object
man organism
man person
man subordinate
man whole
man worker
man entity
man male
man object
man organism
man person
man whole
man entity
man lover
man male
man object
man organism
man person
man whole
man artifact
man entity
man equipment
man instrumentality
man object
man whole
man work
man give
man provide
man staff
man transfer
manage control
management abstraction
management act
management entity
management event
management abstraction
management administration
management body
management entity
management group
manatee animal
manatee entity
manatee mammal
manatee object
manatee organism
manatee vertebrate
manatee whole
mandarin citrus
mandarin entity
mandarin object
mandarin organism
mandarin plant
mandarin tree
mandarin whole
mandarin elitist
mandarin entity
mandarin intellectual
mandarin object
mandarin organism
mandarin person
mandarin philosopher
mandarin scholar
mandarin whole
mandarin entity
mandarin object
mandarin official
mandarin organism
mandarin person
mandarin whole
mandarin worker
mandarin entity
mandarin inhabitant
mandarin object
mandarin organism
mandarin person
mandarin whole
mandarin citrus
mandarin entity
mandarin food
mandarin fruit
mandarin matter
mandarin object
mandarin produce
mandarin solid
mandarin whole
mandarin abstraction
mandarin communication
mandarin entity
mandarin language
mandate abstraction
mandate communication
mandate document
mandate entity
mandate writing
mandate district
mandate entity
mandate location
mandate object
mandate region
mandate abstraction
mandate act
mandate authorization
mandate commission
mandate entity
mandate event
mandate management
mandate appoint
mandate delegate
mandate act
mandate communicate
mandate inflict
mandate interact
mandate order
mandate appoint
mandate delegate
mane covering
mane entity
mane hair
mane object
mane whole
mane covering
mane entity
mane hair
mane object
mane whole
maneuver abstraction
maneuver act
maneuver activity
maneuver entity
maneuver event
maneuver operation
maneuver abstraction
maneuver act
maneuver action
maneuver change
maneuver entity
maneuver event
maneuver motion
maneuver abstraction
maneuver act
maneuver action
maneuver choice
maneuver decision
maneuver entity
maneuver event
maneuver move
maneuver abstraction
maneuver act
maneuver entity
maneuver escape
maneuver evasion
maneuver event
maneuver act
mange abstraction
mange attribute
mange condition
mange disease
mange entity
mange illness
mange state
manger artifact
manger container
manger entity
manger instrumentality
manger object
manger whole
mangle appliance
mangle artifact
mangle commodity
mangle entity
mangle object
mangle whole
mangle change
mangle flatten
mangle iron
mangle press
mangle express
mangle represent
mango entity
mango object
mango organism
mango plant
mango tree
mango whole
mango entity
mango food
mango fruit
mango matter
mango object
mango produce
mango solid
mango whole
manhood abstraction
manhood adulthood
manhood attribute
manhood entity
manhood maturity
manhood state
manhood abstraction
manhood act
manhood activity
manhood entity
manhood event
manhood occupation
manhood position
mania abstraction
mania entity
mania motivation
mania abstraction
mania attribute
mania condition
mania disorder
mania entity
mania state
maniac admirer
maniac entity
maniac lover
maniac object
maniac organism
maniac person
maniac whole
manifest abstraction
manifest communication
manifest document
manifest entity
manifest writing
manifest have
manifest keep
manifest record
manifest save
manifest appear
manifestation abstraction
manifestation appearance
manifestation entity
manifestation event
manifestation happening
manifestation abstraction
manifestation communication
manifestation entity
manifestation indication
manifesto abstraction
manifesto communication
manifesto declaration
manifesto entity
manifesto message
manifesto statement
manifold artifact
manifold conduit
manifold entity
manifold object
manifold passage
manifold pipe
manifold tube
manifold way
manifold whole
manifold abstraction
manifold attribute
manifold entity
manifold set
manifold space
manifold copy
manifold make
manila abstraction
manila entity
manila material
manila matter
manila paper
manila part
manila relation
manila substance
manipulate affect
manipulate change
manipulate influence
manipulate handle
manipulate touch
manipulate act
manipulate interact
manipulate treat
manipulation abstraction
manipulation act
manipulation causing
manipulation entity
manipulation event
manipulation influence
manner abstraction
manner attribute
manner entity
manner property
manner abstraction
manner attribute
manner entity
manner trait
manner abstraction
manner category
manner cognition
manner concept
manner content
manner entity
manner idea
manner kind
manners abstraction
manners attribute
manners entity
manners trait
manor artifact
manor building
manor dwelling
manor entity
manor house
manor housing
manor mansion
manor object
manor structure
manor whole
manor abstraction
manor entity
manor estate
manor possession
manor property
manor relation
mansion artifact
mansion building
mansion dwelling
mansion entity
mansion house
mansion housing
mansion object
mansion structure
mansion whole
manslaughter abstraction
manslaughter act
manslaughter action
manslaughter change
manslaughter entity
manslaughter event
manslaughter homicide
manslaughter killing
manslaughter termination
mantel artifact
mantel device
mantel entity
mantel instrumentality
mantel object
mantel shelf
mantel support
mantel whole
mantle abstraction
mantle communication
mantle entity
mantle signal
mantle symbol
mantle entity
mantle layer
mantle location
mantle object
mantle region
mantle entity
mantle epidermis
mantle layer
mantle location
mantle object
mantle region
mantle diffuse
mantle spread
mantle cover
mantle touch
mantra abstraction
mantra communication
mantra entity
mantra motto
mantra saying
mantra speech
mantra abstraction
mantra communication
mantra entity
mantra writing
manual artifact
manual book
manual creation
manual entity
manual handbook
manual object
manual product
manual publication
manual whole
manual work
manufacture make
manufacture produce
manufacture make
manufacturer abstraction
manufacturer business
manufacturer enterprise
manufacturer entity
manufacturer group
manufacturer organization
manufacturer creator
manufacturer entity
manufacturer maker
manufacturer object
manufacturer organism
manufacturer person
manufacturer whole
manure abstraction
manure chemical
manure entity
manure fertilizer
manure material
manure matter
manure organic
manure part
manure relation
manure substance
manure circulate
manure move
manure spread
manuscript abstraction
manuscript communication
manuscript entity
manuscript writing
manuscript abstraction
manuscript autograph
manuscript communication
manuscript entity
manuscript writing
map artifact
map creation
map entity
map object
map representation
map whole
map make
map represent
map analyze
map explore
map investigate
map determine
map situate
map make
map plan
map make
map picture
map represent
map change
maple abstraction
maple entity
maple material
maple matter
maple part
maple relation
maple substance
maple wood
maple entity
maple object
maple organism
maple plant
maple tree
maple whole
marathon abstraction
marathon act
marathon activity
marathon entity
marathon event
marathon undertaking
marathon work
marathon abstraction
marathon contest
marathon entity
marathon event
marathon race
marauder attacker
marauder entity
marauder object
marauder organism
marauder person
marauder whole
marble abstraction
marble entity
marble material
marble matter
marble part
marble relation
marble rock
marble substance
marble artifact
marble ball
marble entity
marble equipment
marble instrumentality
marble object
marble whole
marble abstraction
marble art
marble artifact
marble attribute
marble creation
marble entity
marble figure
marble object
marble sculpture
marble shape
marble whole
marble change
marble dye
marble stain
marbles abstraction
marbles act
marbles activity
marbles entity
marbles event
marbles game
march abstraction
march entity
march measure
march abstraction
march act
march action
march change
march entity
march event
march locomotion
march motion
march walk
march abstraction
march act
march action
march change
march entity
march event
march motion
march progress
march abstraction
march act
march collection
march entity
march event
march group
march procession
march travel
march walk
march accompany
march travel
march walk
march travel
march walk
march compel
march induce
march walk
mare animal
mare entity
mare horse
mare mammal
mare object
mare organism
mare vertebrate
mare whole
mare entity
mare location
mare object
mare region
margarita abstraction
margarita agent
margarita alcohol
margarita beverage
margarita cocktail
margarita drug
margarita entity
margarita fluid
margarita food
margarita liquid
margarita matter
margarita part
margarita relation
margarita substance
margin abstraction
margin attribute
margin boundary
margin entity
margin line
margin shape
margin abstraction
margin amount
margin attribute
margin entity
margin magnitude
margin property
margin abstraction
margin cost
margin entity
margin payment
margin possession
margin relation
margin abstraction
margin area
margin attribute
margin entity
margin extent
margin magnitude
margin property
margin space
marigold entity
marigold flower
marigold object
marigold organism
marigold plant
marigold whole
marijuana cannabis
marijuana entity
marijuana object
marijuana organism
marijuana plant
marijuana shrub
marijuana whole
marina artifact
marina dock
marina entity
marina landing
marina object
marina structure
marina whole
marinade condiment
marinade entity
marinade food
marinade foodstuff
marinade ingredient
marinade matter
marinade substance
marinade change
marinade fill
marinade impregnate
marinade soak
marinade steep
marinara condiment
marinara entity
marinara food
marinara foodstuff
marinara ingredient
marinara matter
marinara sauce
marinara substance
marine entity
marine object
marine organism
marine person
marine serviceman
marine whole
marine worker
marine entity
marine object
marine organism
marine person
marine serviceman
marine soldier
marine whole
marine worker
mariner entity
mariner object
mariner organism
mariner person
mariner sailor
mariner whole
mariner worker
mark abstraction
mark appraisal
mark classification
mark cognition
mark entity
mark evaluation
mark process
mark abstraction
mark communication
mark entity
mark indication
mark abstraction
mark appearance
mark attribute
mark entity
mark impression
mark quality
mark abstraction
mark communication
mark entity
mark signal
mark symbol
mark abstraction
mark entity
mark measure
mark abstraction
mark communication
mark entity
mark signal
mark symbol
mark act
mark communicate
mark inform
mark interact
mark tell
mark change
marker artifact
marker entity
marker object
marker whole
marker abstraction
marker communication
marker entity
marker signal
marker symbol
marker artifact
marker entity
marker implement
marker instrumentality
marker object
marker whole
market abstraction
market act
market activity
market entity
market event
market abstraction
market class
market entity
market group
market people
market abstraction
market enterprise
market entity
market group
market industry
market organization
market trade
market get
market obtain
market shop
market act
market deal
market interact
market transact
marketing abstraction
marketing act
marketing commerce
marketing entity
marketing event
marketing transaction
marketing abstraction
marketing acquisition
marketing act
marketing entity
marketing event
marketing purchase
marketing shopping
marketplace artifact
marketplace entity
marketplace establishment
marketplace object
marketplace structure
marketplace whole
marking artifact
marking decoration
marking design
marking entity
marking object
marking whole
marking abstraction
marking act
marking entity
marking evaluation
marking event
marking judgment
marking abstraction
marking act
marking action
marking change
marking decoration
marking entity
marking event
marksman entity
marksman expert
marksman object
marksman organism
marksman person
marksman shot
marksman whole
markup abstraction
markup assets
markup entity
markup gain
markup income
markup possession
markup relation
markup sum
markup abstraction
markup communication
markup direction
markup entity
markup message
marlin animal
marlin entity
marlin fish
marlin object
marlin organism
marlin vertebrate
marlin whole
marmot animal
marmot entity
marmot mammal
marmot object
marmot organism
marmot rodent
marmot vertebrate
marmot whole
maroon entity
maroon object
maroon organism
maroon person
maroon unfortunate
maroon whole
maroon abstraction
maroon attribute
maroon color
maroon entity
maroon property
maroon red
maroon abstraction
maroon chemical
maroon entity
maroon explosive
maroon firework
maroon material
maroon matter
maroon part
maroon relation
maroon substance
maroon abandon
maroon leave
maroon determine
maroon discriminate
maroon distinguish
maroon identify
maroon isolate
marriage abstraction
marriage attribute
marriage entity
marriage state
marriage status
marriage abstraction
marriage entity
marriage family
marriage group
marriage kin
marriage abstraction
marriage act
marriage activity
marriage continuance
marriage custom
marriage entity
marriage event
marriage practice
marriage ritual
marriage survival
marriage abstraction
marriage attribute
marriage entity
marriage state
marriage union
married entity
married object
married organism
married person
married whole
marrow entity
marrow part
marrow thing
marrow tissue
marrow entity
marrow object
marrow organism
marrow plant
marrow squash
marrow vine
marrow whole
marrow dainty
marrow entity
marrow food
marrow matter
marrow substance
marrow entity
marrow food
marrow matter
marrow produce
marrow solid
marrow squash
marrow vegetable
marry join
marry unite
marry act
marry officiate
marry perform
marsh entity
marsh land
marsh object
marsh wetland
marshal defender
marshal entity
marshal object
marshal organism
marshal person
marshal whole
marshal entity
marshal object
marshal organism
marshal person
marshal serviceman
marshal whole
marshal worker
marshal move
marshal put
marshal arrange
marshal move
marshal put
marshal lead
marshal usher
marsupial animal
marsupial entity
marsupial mammal
marsupial object
marsupial organism
marsupial vertebrate
marsupial whole
martin animal
martin bird
martin entity
martin object
martin organism
martin swallow
martin vertebrate
martin whole
martini abstraction
martini agent
martini alcohol
martini beverage
martini cocktail
martini drug
martini entity
martini fluid
martini food
martini liquid
martini matter
martini part
martini relation
martini substance
martyr entity
martyr object
martyr organism
martyr person
martyr unfortunate
martyr victim
martyr whole
martyr entity
martyr object
martyr organism
martyr person
martyr unfortunate
martyr victim
martyr whole
martyr kill
martyr change
martyr hurt
martyr injure
martyr torture
martyrdom abstraction
martyrdom change
martyrdom death
martyrdom entity
martyrdom event
martyrdom happening
marvel express
mascara artifact
mascara cosmetic
mascara entity
mascara instrumentality
mascara makeup
mascara object
mascara whole
mascot entity
mascot object
mascot organism
mascot whole
masculine abstraction
masculine class
masculine collection
masculine entity
masculine gender
masculine group
masculinity abstraction
masculinity attribute
masculinity entity
masculinity trait
mash abstraction
mash entity
mash matter
mash mixture
mash part
mash relation
mash substance
mash suspension
mash entity
mash feed
mash food
mash matter
mash substance
mask artifact
mask attire
mask clothing
mask commodity
mask covering
mask disguise
mask entity
mask object
mask whole
mask abstraction
mask act
mask activity
mask entity
mask event
mask artifact
mask covering
mask entity
mask object
mask whole
mask cover
mason craftsman
mason entity
mason object
mason organism
mason person
mason whole
mason worker
masonry artifact
masonry entity
masonry object
masonry structure
masonry whole
masonry abstraction
masonry act
masonry activity
masonry entity
masonry event
masonry occupation
masonry trade
masquerade abstraction
masquerade entity
masquerade gathering
masquerade group
masquerade party
masquerade abstraction
masquerade act
masquerade activity
masquerade deception
masquerade entity
masquerade event
masquerade falsification
masquerade pretense
masquerade disguise
masquerade hide
masquerade act
masquerade communicate
masquerade deceive
masquerade inform
masquerade interact
masquerade pose
mass abstraction
mass attribute
mass entity
mass measure
mass property
mass abstraction
mass collection
mass entity
mass group
mass abstraction
mass act
mass activity
mass ceremony
mass entity
mass event
mass body
mass entity
mass object
mass whole
mass abstraction
mass communication
mass entity
mass music
mass abstraction
mass communication
mass entity
mass prayer
mass writing
mass act
mass crowd
mass interact
mass meet
massacre kill
massage abstraction
massage act
massage activity
massage care
massage entity
massage event
massage treatment
massage work
massage handle
massage manipulate
massage touch
massage treat
mast artifact
mast entity
mast implement
mast instrumentality
mast object
mast pole
mast rod
mast spar
mast whole
mast entity
mast fruit
mast nut
mast object
mast seed
mast whole
mast entity
mast feed
mast food
mast matter
mast substance
mast artifact
mast entity
mast implement
mast instrumentality
mast object
mast pole
mast rod
mast whole
mastectomy abstraction
mastectomy act
mastectomy activity
mastectomy entity
mastectomy event
mastectomy operation
mastectomy procedure
master employer
master entity
master leader
master object
master organism
master person
master whole
master artifact
master creation
master entity
master object
master whole
master entity
master mariner
master object
master officer
master organism
master person
master sailor
master whole
master worker
master entity
master intellectual
master object
master organism
master person
master scholar
master whole
master authority
master entity
master expert
master object
master organism
master person
master whole
master know
mastermind plan
mastermind think
masterpiece artifact
masterpiece creation
masterpiece entity
masterpiece object
masterpiece product
masterpiece whole
masterpiece work
masterpiece abstraction
masterpiece accomplishment
masterpiece act
masterpiece action
masterpiece entity
masterpiece event
mastery abstraction
mastery act
mastery domination
mastery entity
mastery event
mastiff animal
mastiff canine
mastiff carnivore
mastiff dog
mastiff entity
mastiff mammal
mastiff object
mastiff organism
mastiff vertebrate
mastiff whole
masturbate stimulate
masturbation entity
masturbation process
mat artifact
mat covering
mat entity
mat object
mat whole
mat artifact
mat entity
mat framework
mat mounting
mat object
mat structure
mat whole
mat artifact
mat entity
mat equipment
mat instrumentality
mat object
mat whole
mat body
mat entity
mat mass
mat object
mat whole
mat artifact
mat entity
mat object
mat pad
mat whole
match artifact
match device
match entity
match instrumentality
match lighter
match object
match whole
match abstraction
match contest
match entity
match event
match artifact
match device
match entity
match instrumentality
match lighter
match object
match whole
match artifact
match copy
match creation
match duplicate
match entity
match object
match representation
match whole
match abstraction
match entity
match measure
match number
match score
match abstraction
match cognition
match counterpart
match entity
match equivalent
match equal
match give
match supply
match transfer
match connect
match join
match adjust
match change
match connect
match join
match adjust
match change
matchbox artifact
matchbox box
matchbox container
matchbox entity
matchbox instrumentality
matchbox object
matchbox whole
matchmaker entity
matchmaker mediator
matchmaker negotiator
matchmaker object
matchmaker organism
matchmaker person
matchmaker whole
matchstick artifact
matchstick entity
matchstick implement
matchstick instrumentality
matchstick object
matchstick stick
matchstick whole
mate entity
mate mariner
mate object
mate officer
mate organism
mate person
mate sailor
mate whole
mate worker
mate animal
mate entity
mate object
mate organism
mate whole
mate abstraction
mate digit
mate entity
mate integer
mate measure
mate number
mate one
mate entity
mate holly
mate object
mate organism
mate plant
mate tree
mate whole
mate entity
mate friend
mate object
mate organism
mate person
mate whole
mate abstraction
mate beverage
mate entity
mate fluid
mate food
mate liquid
mate matter
mate part
mate relation
mate substance
material abstraction
material entity
material matter
material part
material relation
material substance
material abstraction
material communication
material entity
material information
material message
material artifact
material entity
material equipment
material instrumentality
material object
material whole
material applicant
material entity
material object
material organism
material person
material whole
materialism abstraction
materialism arousal
materialism attribute
materialism condition
materialism desire
materialism entity
materialism state
materialism abstraction
materialism belief
materialism cognition
materialism content
materialism doctrine
materialism entity
materiality abstraction
materiality connection
materiality entity
materiality relation
materiality relevance
materiality abstraction
materiality attribute
materiality entity
materiality quality
mathematician entity
mathematician object
mathematician organism
mathematician person
mathematician scientist
mathematician whole
mathematics abstraction
mathematics cognition
mathematics content
mathematics discipline
mathematics entity
mathematics science
matriculation abstraction
matriculation act
matriculation action
matriculation admission
matriculation arrival
matriculation entity
matriculation entrance
matriculation event
matrix abstraction
matrix arrangement
matrix array
matrix entity
matrix group
matrix abstraction
matrix entity
matrix material
matrix matter
matrix part
matrix relation
matrix rock
matrix substance
matrix abstraction
matrix attribute
matrix enclosure
matrix entity
matrix location
matrix object
matrix shape
matrix space
matrix abstraction
matrix entity
matrix matter
matrix part
matrix relation
matrix substance
matrix entity
matrix part
matrix thing
matrix tissue
matrix artifact
matrix container
matrix entity
matrix instrumentality
matrix mold
matrix object
matrix whole
matron adult
matron entity
matron female
matron object
matron organism
matron person
matron relative
matron spouse
matron whole
matron wife
matron woman
matron defender
matron entity
matron object
matron organism
matron person
matron whole
matron adult
matron entity
matron female
matron nurse
matron object
matron organism
matron person
matron professional
matron whole
matron woman
matter abstraction
matter attribute
matter concern
matter condition
matter curiosity
matter entity
matter interest
matter state
matter entity
matter abstraction
matter cognition
matter difficulty
matter entity
matter trouble
matter abstraction
matter attribute
matter consequence
matter entity
matter importance
matter quality
matter significance
matter value
matter worth
matter abstraction
matter communication
matter entity
matter writing
matting artifact
matting covering
matting entity
matting object
matting whole
mattress artifact
mattress entity
mattress object
mattress pad
mattress whole
maturation entity
maturation process
mature change
mature develop
mature grow
mature increase
mature evaluate
mature expect
mature speculate
mature think
mature change
maturity abstraction
maturity attribute
maturity entity
maturity state
maturity abstraction
maturity date
maturity day
maturity entity
maturity measure
maul artifact
maul entity
maul hammer
maul implement
maul instrumentality
maul object
maul tool
maul whole
maul cleave
maul move
maul separate
maul tear
maul change
maul damage
maul deface
mausoleum area
mausoleum artifact
mausoleum chamber
mausoleum enclosure
mausoleum entity
mausoleum grave
mausoleum location
mausoleum object
mausoleum point
mausoleum structure
mausoleum whole
maverick entity
maverick object
maverick organism
maverick person
maverick whole
maverick animal
maverick calf
maverick entity
maverick object
maverick organism
maverick whole
maverick young
maxim abstraction
maxim communication
maxim entity
maxim saying
maxim speech
maximization abstraction
maximization act
maximization activity
maximization calculation
maximization entity
maximization event
maximization procedure
maximization abstraction
maximization act
maximization action
maximization change
maximization entity
maximization event
maximization increase
maximize change
maximize increase
maximize exploit
maximize use
maximum abstraction
maximum entity
maximum limit
maximum measure
maximum entity
maximum extremity
maximum limit
maximum location
maximum object
maximum region
may abstraction
may entity
may measure
mayday abstraction
mayday communication
mayday entity
mayday signal
mayhem abstraction
mayhem act
mayhem activity
mayhem crime
mayhem entity
mayhem event
mayhem transgression
mayor authority
mayor entity
mayor leader
mayor object
mayor organism
mayor person
mayor politician
mayor whole
maze artifact
maze entity
maze instrumentality
maze object
maze system
maze whole
mead abstraction
mead agent
mead alcohol
mead beverage
mead brew
mead drug
mead entity
mead fluid
mead food
mead liquid
mead matter
mead part
mead relation
mead substance
meal entity
meal food
meal matter
meal substance
meal abstraction
meal entity
meal measure
meal moment
meal occasion
meal point
meal time
meal entity
meal food
meal foodstuff
meal matter
meal substance
mean abstraction
mean average
mean cognition
mean entity
mean information
mean statistic
mean act
mean communicate
mean convey
mean impart
mean inform
mean interact
mean tell
mean intend
mean plan
mean think
meander abstraction
meander attribute
meander curve
meander entity
meander line
meander shape
meaning abstraction
meaning communication
meaning entity
meaning message
meaning abstraction
meaning cognition
meaning content
meaning entity
meaning idea
meaningfulness abstraction
meaningfulness attribute
meaningfulness entity
meaningfulness importance
meaningfulness quality
meaningfulness significance
meaningfulness value
meaningfulness worth
meaninglessness abstraction
meaninglessness attribute
meaninglessness entity
meaninglessness insignificance
meaninglessness quality
meaninglessness value
meaninglessness worth
meanness abstraction
meanness attribute
meanness entity
meanness stinginess
meanness trait
means abstraction
means act
means entity
means event
means implementation
means artifact
means entity
means instrumentality
means object
means whole
means abstraction
means assets
means capital
means entity
means possession
means relation
measles abstraction
measles attribute
measles condition
measles disease
measles entity
measles illness
measles state
measure abstraction
measure act
measure action
measure choice
measure decision
measure entity
measure event
measure maneuver
measure move
measure abstraction
measure entity
measure abstraction
measure communication
measure entity
measure notation
measure writing
measure artifact
measure container
measure entity
measure instrumentality
measure object
measure whole
measure decide
measure be
measure evaluate
measure think
measurement abstraction
measurement act
measurement activity
measurement entity
measurement event
measurer entity
measurer object
measurer organism
measurer person
measurer whole
meat entity
meat food
meat matter
meat solid
mechanics abstraction
mechanics cognition
mechanics content
mechanics discipline
mechanics entity
mechanics physics
mechanics science
mechanism entity
mechanism process
mechanism abstraction
mechanism act
mechanism action
mechanism entity
mechanism event
mechanism performance
mechanism entity
mechanism object
mechanism whole
mechanism abstraction
mechanism belief
mechanism cognition
mechanism content
mechanism doctrine
mechanism entity
mechanism artifact
mechanism device
mechanism entity
mechanism instrumentality
mechanism object
mechanism whole
mechanization abstraction
mechanization attribute
mechanization condition
mechanization entity
mechanization state
medalist contestant
medalist entity
medalist object
medalist organism
medalist person
medalist whole
medalist winner
medalist contestant
medalist entity
medalist object
medalist organism
medalist person
medalist player
medalist whole
medallion abstraction
medallion coinage
medallion coin
medallion currency
medallion entity
medallion measure
medallion standard
medallion abstraction
medallion entity
medallion helping
medallion measure
medallion abstraction
medallion cognition
medallion emblem
medallion entity
medallion process
medallion symbol
meddle act
meddle interact
meddle intervene
meddling abstraction
meddling act
meddling action
meddling change
meddling entity
meddling event
median abstraction
median average
median cognition
median entity
median information
median statistic
mediate be
mediate lie
mediation abstraction
mediation communication
mediation discussion
mediation entity
mediation negotiation
mediation speech
mediation abstraction
mediation act
mediation engagement
mediation entity
mediation event
mediation intervention
mediator entity
mediator negotiator
mediator object
mediator organism
mediator person
mediator whole
medic entity
medic herb
medic object
medic organism
medic plant
medic whole
medicate change
medicate fill
medicate impregnate
medicate treat
medication abstraction
medication act
medication activity
medication care
medication entity
medication event
medication therapy
medication treatment
medication work
medicine abstraction
medicine cognition
medicine content
medicine discipline
medicine entity
medicine science
medicine agent
medicine drug
medicine entity
medicine matter
medicine substance
medicine abstraction
medicine act
medicine activity
medicine entity
medicine event
medicine occupation
medicine profession
meditation abstraction
meditation cognition
meditation consideration
meditation contemplation
meditation entity
meditation process
meditation thinking
meditation abstraction
meditation cognition
meditation consideration
meditation contemplation
meditation entity
meditation process
meditation thinking
medium artifact
medium entity
medium instrumentality
medium object
medium whole
medium entity
medium environment
medium location
medium object
medium region
medium abstraction
medium act
medium communication
medium entity
medium event
medium abstraction
medium entity
medium fluid
medium liquid
medium matter
medium part
medium relation
medium substance
medium abstraction
medium entity
medium matter
medium part
medium relation
medium substance
medium abstraction
medium entity
medium matter
medium part
medium relation
medium substance
medium abstraction
medium attribute
medium entity
medium state
medium entity
medium object
medium organism
medium person
medium psychic
medium whole
medium abstraction
medium act
medium communication
medium entity
medium event
medium transmission
medley abstraction
medley communication
medley entity
medley music
medulla entity
medulla object
medulla part
medulla thing
medulla tissue
medulla whole
meekness abstraction
meekness attribute
meekness entity
meekness feeling
meekness humility
meekness state
meekness abstraction
meekness attribute
meekness entity
meekness humility
meekness trait
meet abstraction
meet contest
meet entity
meet event
meet give
meet provide
meet transfer
meet equal
meet match
meet act
meet cope
meet act
meet interact
meet act
meet interact
meet meet
meet change
meet have
meeting abstraction
meeting entity
meeting gathering
meeting group
meeting abstraction
meeting entity
meeting gathering
meeting group
meeting abstraction
meeting convergence
meeting entity
meeting event
meeting happening
meeting abstraction
meeting act
meeting assembly
meeting entity
meeting event
megahertz abstraction
megahertz entity
megahertz rate
megahertz relation
megawatt abstraction
megawatt entity
megawatt measure
melancholia abstraction
melancholia attribute
melancholia condition
melancholia depression
melancholia entity
melancholia state
melancholic depressive
melancholic entity
melancholic object
melancholic organism
melancholic person
melancholic unfortunate
melancholic whole
melancholy abstraction
melancholy attribute
melancholy entity
melancholy feeling
melancholy sadness
melancholy state
melancholy abstraction
melancholy attribute
melancholy condition
melancholy depression
melancholy entity
melancholy state
melanoma abstraction
melanoma attribute
melanoma cancer
melanoma condition
melanoma disease
melanoma entity
melanoma growth
melanoma illness
melanoma malignancy
melanoma state
melanoma tumor
mellow change
mellow soften
mellow change
mellow soften
melodrama abstraction
melodrama comedy
melodrama communication
melodrama drama
melodrama entity
melody abstraction
melody cognition
melody entity
melody perception
melody process
melon entity
melon food
melon fruit
melon matter
melon object
melon produce
melon solid
melon whole
melon entity
melon gourd
melon object
melon organism
melon plant
melon vine
melon whole
melt change
melt dissolve
melt blend
melt change
melt decrease
melt weaken
member associate
member entity
member object
member organism
member peer
member person
member whole
member abstraction
member entity
member part
member relation
member abstraction
member entity
member group
member organization
member unit
membership abstraction
membership body
membership entity
membership group
membership abstraction
membership attribute
membership entity
membership relationship
membership state
membrane artifact
membrane entity
membrane object
membrane sheet
membrane whole
membrane entity
membrane part
membrane thing
membrane tissue
memento abstraction
memento cognition
memento content
memento entity
memento experience
memento reminder
memo abstraction
memo communication
memo entity
memo evidence
memo indication
memo note
memo record
memoir abstraction
memoir autobiography
memoir biography
memoir communication
memoir entity
memoir evidence
memoir history
memoir indication
memoir record
memoir abstraction
memoir communication
memoir entity
memoir essay
memoir writing
memorabilia abstraction
memorabilia communication
memorabilia entity
memorabilia evidence
memorabilia indication
memorabilia record
memorial abstraction
memorial approval
memorial communication
memorial entity
memorial message
memorial recognition
memorial abstraction
memorial communication
memorial entity
memorial message
memorial artifact
memorial entity
memorial object
memorial structure
memorial whole
memorize learn
memorize study
memory abstraction
memory cognition
memory content
memory entity
memory representation
memory abstraction
memory cognition
memory entity
memory process
memory ability
memory abstraction
memory cognition
memory entity
memory faculty
memory artifact
memory component
memory device
memory entity
memory hardware
memory instrumentality
memory object
memory part
memory whole
memory abstraction
memory cognition
memory content
memory discipline
memory entity
memory psychology
memory science
menace danger
menace entity
menace abstraction
menace communication
menace declaration
menace entity
menace message
menace statement
menace threat
menace act
menace communicate
menace convey
menace express
menace impart
menace inform
menace interact
menace tell
menace act
mend artifact
mend creation
mend entity
mend object
mend sewing
mend whole
mend better
mend change
meningitis abstraction
meningitis attribute
meningitis condition
meningitis disease
meningitis entity
meningitis illness
meningitis state
menopause abstraction
menopause attribute
menopause entity
menopause time
menstruate exhaust
menstruation discharge
menstruation entity
menstruation process
mentality abstraction
mentality attitude
mentality cognition
mentality entity
mention abstraction
mention communication
mention entity
mention message
mention remark
mention statement
mention abstraction
mention award
mention communication
mention entity
mention signal
mention symbol
mention associate
mention think
mention act
mention notice
mention react
mentor entity
mentor intellectual
mentor object
mentor organism
mentor person
mentor whole
mentor act
mentor communicate
mentor inform
mentor interact
mentor teach
menu abstraction
menu bill
menu communication
menu database
menu entity
menu information
menu list
menu message
menu entity
menu fare
menu food
menu matter
menu substance
menu abstraction
menu communication
menu database
menu entity
menu information
menu list
menu message
menu abstraction
menu agenda
menu cognition
menu content
menu entity
menu idea
menu plan
mercenary adventurer
mercenary entity
mercenary object
mercenary organism
mercenary person
mercenary whole
merchandise artifact
merchandise commodity
merchandise entity
merchandise object
merchandise whole
merchant businessperson
merchant capitalist
merchant entity
merchant object
merchant organism
merchant person
merchant whole
mercilessness abstraction
mercilessness attribute
mercilessness entity
mercilessness quality
mercury abstraction
mercury entity
mercury matter
mercury part
mercury relation
mercury substance
mercury abstraction
mercury attribute
mercury entity
mercury measure
mercury property
mercury temperature
mercy abstraction
mercy attribute
mercy blessing
mercy condition
mercy entity
mercy fortune
mercy state
mercy abstraction
mercy act
mercy activity
mercy aid
mercy entity
mercy event
mercy relief
mere entity
mere lake
mere pond
mere thing
meridian entity
meridian line
meridian location
meridian object
merit abstraction
merit attribute
merit entity
merit quality
merit worth
mermaid ability
mermaid abstraction
mermaid cognition
mermaid creativity
mermaid entity
mermaid imagination
merrymaking abstraction
merrymaking act
merrymaking activity
merrymaking celebration
merrymaking diversion
merrymaking entity
merrymaking event
mesa entity
mesa highland
mesa object
mesh abstraction
mesh entity
mesh measure
mesh abstraction
mesh act
mesh catch
mesh entity
mesh event
mesh touch
mesh act
mesh interact
mesh relate
mesquite entity
mesquite object
mesquite organism
mesquite plant
mesquite shrub
mesquite whole
mess abstraction
mess attribute
mess condition
mess disorderliness
mess entity
mess state
mess entity
mess food
mess matter
mess substance
mess entity
mess food
mess matter
mess meal
mess substance
mess area
mess artifact
mess entity
mess object
mess room
mess structure
mess whole
mess consume
mess eat
mess change
mess disorder
message abstraction
message communication
message entity
message abstraction
message communication
message entity
message communicate
message convey
message move
message transfer
message communicate
message convey
message move
message transfer
message act
message communicate
message interact
messaging abstraction
messaging act
messaging communication
messaging entity
messaging event
messaging transmission
messenger entity
messenger object
messenger organism
messenger person
messenger traveler
messenger whole
messiah benefactor
messiah entity
messiah object
messiah organism
messiah person
messiah savior
messiah whole
metabolism entity
metabolism process
metabolite entity
metabolite matter
metabolite substance
metacarpal bone
metacarpal entity
metacarpal part
metacarpal thing
metacarpal tissue
metal coat
metal cover
metallic artifact
metallic entity
metallic fabric
metallic object
metallic whole
metallic artifact
metallic cord
metallic entity
metallic line
metallic object
metallic thread
metallic whole
metalworking abstraction
metalworking act
metalworking activity
metalworking creation
metalworking entity
metalworking event
metalworking fabrication
metalworking formation
metamorphosis entity
metamorphosis process
metamorphosis abstraction
metamorphosis act
metamorphosis action
metamorphosis change
metamorphosis entity
metamorphosis event
metamorphosis transformation
metaphor abstraction
metaphor communication
metaphor device
metaphor entity
metaphysics abstraction
metaphysics cognition
metaphysics content
metaphysics discipline
metaphysics entity
metaphysics philosophy
meteor energy
meteor entity
meteor light
meteor phenomenon
meteor process
meteor radiation
meteorite entity
meteorite object
meteorite whole
meteorologist entity
meteorologist expert
meteorologist object
meteorologist organism
meteorologist person
meteorologist specialist
meteorologist whole
meteorology abstraction
meteorology communication
meteorology entity
meteorology message
meteorology prediction
meteorology statement
meteorology abstraction
meteorology cognition
meteorology content
meteorology discipline
meteorology entity
meteorology science
meter abstraction
meter entity
meter measure
meter artifact
meter device
meter entity
meter instrumentality
meter instrument
meter object
meter whole
meter abstraction
meter communication
meter entity
meter form
meter abstraction
meter attribute
meter entity
meter property
meter act
meter carry
meter communicate
meter interact
meter affix
meter attach
meter connect
meter stamp
methadone agent
methadone drug
methadone entity
methadone matter
methadone narcotic
methadone substance
methane abstraction
methane chemical
methane compound
methane entity
methane fluid
methane gas
methane material
methane matter
methane part
methane relation
methane substance
methanol abstraction
methanol alcohol
methanol entity
methanol fluid
methanol fuel
methanol liquid
methanol matter
methanol part
methanol relation
methanol substance
method ability
method abstraction
method cognition
method entity
methodology abstraction
methodology cognition
methodology content
methodology discipline
methodology entity
methodology philosophy
methodology ability
methodology abstraction
methodology cognition
methodology entity
methodology method
metro abstraction
metro business
metro carrier
metro enterprise
metro entity
metro group
metro line
metro organization
metro railway
metropolitan abstraction
metropolitan archbishop
metropolitan attribute
metropolitan bishop
metropolitan clergyman
metropolitan entity
metropolitan leader
metropolitan object
metropolitan organism
metropolitan person
metropolitan priest
metropolitan state
metropolitan status
metropolitan whole
metropolitan entity
metropolitan inhabitant
metropolitan object
metropolitan organism
metropolitan person
metropolitan resident
metropolitan whole
microbe entity
microbe microorganism
microbe object
microbe organism
microbe whole
microbiologist biologist
microbiologist entity
microbiologist object
microbiologist organism
microbiologist person
microbiologist scientist
microbiologist whole
microbiology abstraction
microbiology biology
microbiology cognition
microbiology content
microbiology discipline
microbiology entity
microbiology science
microeconomics abstraction
microeconomics cognition
microeconomics content
microeconomics discipline
microeconomics economics
microeconomics entity
microeconomics science
microfilm artifact
microfilm entity
microfilm equipment
microfilm film
microfilm instrumentality
microfilm object
microfilm whole
microfilm film
microfilm have
microfilm keep
microfilm make
microfilm record
microfilm save
micrometer artifact
micrometer device
micrometer entity
micrometer instrumentality
micrometer instrument
micrometer object
micrometer whole
micron abstraction
micron entity
micron measure
microorganism entity
microorganism object
microorganism organism
microorganism whole
microphone artifact
microphone device
microphone entity
microphone instrumentality
microphone object
microphone whole
microprocessor artifact
microprocessor chip
microprocessor conductor
microprocessor device
microprocessor entity
microprocessor instrumentality
microprocessor object
microprocessor whole
microscope artifact
microscope device
microscope entity
microscope instrumentality
microscope instrument
microscope magnifier
microscope object
microscope whole
microscopy abstraction
microscopy act
microscopy activity
microscopy entity
microscopy event
microscopy investigation
microscopy research
microscopy work
microwave energy
microwave entity
microwave phenomenon
microwave process
microwave radiation
microwave appliance
microwave artifact
microwave commodity
microwave entity
microwave object
microwave whole
microwave change
microwave cook
middle abstraction
middle cognition
middle concept
middle content
middle entity
middle idea
middle part
middle area
middle entity
middle part
middle thing
middle abstraction
middle entity
middle measure
middle point
middle move
middle put
midfield area
midfield center
midfield entity
midfield location
midfield object
midfield region
midland entity
midland inside
midland location
midland object
midland region
midnight abstraction
midnight cognition
midnight entity
midnight hour
midnight information
midnight reading
midshipman cadet
midshipman entity
midshipman novice
midshipman object
midshipman organism
midshipman person
midshipman trainee
midshipman whole
midst entity
midst inside
midst location
midst object
midst region
midterm abstraction
midterm entity
midterm measure
midterm point
midterm abstraction
midterm entity
midterm measure
midterm point
midway entity
midway location
midway object
midway region
midway tract
midwifery abstraction
midwifery act
midwifery delivery
midwifery entity
midwifery event
might abstraction
might attribute
might entity
might property
might strength
migraine abstraction
migraine ache
migraine cognition
migraine entity
migraine evidence
migraine headache
migraine information
migraine pain
migraine symptom
migrant entity
migrant object
migrant organism
migrant person
migrant traveler
migrant whole
migrate move
migration abstraction
migration act
migration action
migration change
migration entity
migration event
migration motion
migration abstraction
migration entity
migration group
migration people
migration abstraction
migration entity
migration event
migration abstraction
migration entity
migration event
migration happening
mile abstraction
mile entity
mile measure
mile abstraction
mile entity
mile measure
mile abstraction
mile entity
mile measure
mile abstraction
mile entity
mile measure
mile abstraction
mile contest
mile entity
mile event
mile race
milestone abstraction
milestone communication
milestone entity
milestone marker
milestone signal
milestone symbol
milestone abstraction
milestone entity
milestone event
milestone happening
milestone juncture
militant entity
militant object
militant organism
militant person
militant reformer
militant whole
militarism abstraction
militarism attitude
militarism cognition
militarism entity
militarism orientation
military abstraction
military entity
military force
military group
military organization
militia abstraction
militia entity
militia group
militia organization
militia unit
militia abstraction
militia body
militia entity
militia group
milk abstraction
milk beverage
milk entity
milk fluid
milk food
milk foodstuff
milk liquid
milk matter
milk part
milk relation
milk substance
milk abstraction
milk entity
milk food
milk matter
milk part
milk relation
milk substance
milk entity
milk food
milk foodstuff
milk matter
milk substance
milk draw
milk remove
milk exploit
milk use
milk add
milk change
milk increase
mill artifact
mill device
mill entity
mill instrumentality
mill machine
mill machinery
mill object
mill whole
mill move
mill break
mill change
mill grind
mill cut
mill groove
mill move
mill separate
mill change
mill flatten
mill shape
millennium abstraction
millennium entity
millennium measure
millennium abstraction
millennium belief
millennium cognition
millennium content
millennium doctrine
millennium entity
millennium abstraction
millennium anniversary
millennium day
millennium entity
millennium measure
miller craftsman
miller entity
miller object
miller organism
miller person
miller whole
miller worker
miller artifact
miller device
miller entity
miller instrumentality
miller machine
miller object
miller whole
millet cereal
millet entity
millet grass
millet herb
millet object
millet organism
millet plant
millet whole
millet entity
millet food
millet foodstuff
millet grain
millet matter
millet substance
milligram abstraction
milligram entity
milligram measure
millimeter abstraction
millimeter entity
millimeter measure
milling artifact
milling edge
milling entity
milling object
milling side
milling surface
milling whole
million abstraction
million entity
million integer
million measure
million number
million abstraction
million entity
million measure
millionaire entity
millionaire object
millionaire organism
millionaire person
millionaire whole
millipede animal
millipede entity
millipede invertebrate
millipede object
millipede organism
millipede whole
millstone artifact
millstone entity
millstone load
millstone object
millstone weight
millstone whole
millstone artifact
millstone entity
millstone object
millstone stone
millstone whole
mime actor
mime entertainer
mime entity
mime object
mime organism
mime performer
mime person
mime whole
mime abstraction
mime act
mime acting
mime activity
mime cognition
mime content
mime discipline
mime entity
mime event
mime act
mime make
mime perform
mimic deceiver
mimic entity
mimic object
mimic organism
mimic person
mimic whole
mimic imitate
mimic produce
mimic reproduce
mimicry abstraction
mimicry act
mimicry activity
mimicry continuance
mimicry entity
mimicry event
mimicry imitation
mimicry repetition
mimosa entity
mimosa object
mimosa organism
mimosa plant
mimosa shrub
mimosa whole
mimosa abstraction
mimosa agent
mimosa alcohol
mimosa beverage
mimosa drug
mimosa entity
mimosa fluid
mimosa food
mimosa liquid
mimosa matter
mimosa part
mimosa relation
mimosa substance
mince entity
mince food
mince matter
mince substance
mince change
mince travel
mince walk
mince chop
mince cut
mince move
mince separate
mind abstraction
mind cognition
mind entity
mind abstraction
mind cognition
mind entity
mind memory
mind process
mind recall
mind abstraction
mind attention
mind cognition
mind entity
mind notice
mind process
mind abstraction
mind cognition
mind content
mind entity
mind goal
mind purpose
mind ability
mind abstraction
mind cognition
mind entity
mind intelligence
mind disapprove
mind evaluate
mind object
mind think
mind remember
mine artifact
mine entity
mine excavation
mine object
mine whole
mine artifact
mine device
mine entity
mine instrumentality
mine object
mine whole
mine exploit
mine use
mine change
mine reinforce
mine strengthen
miner employee
miner entity
miner laborer
miner object
miner organism
miner person
miner whole
miner worker
miner workman
mineral abstraction
mineral entity
mineral material
mineral matter
mineral part
mineral relation
mineral substance
mineralogy abstraction
mineralogy cognition
mineralogy content
mineralogy discipline
mineralogy entity
mineralogy geology
mineralogy science
miniature art
miniature artifact
miniature creation
miniature entity
miniature object
miniature painting
miniature whole
miniature artifact
miniature copy
miniature creation
miniature entity
miniature object
miniature representation
miniature whole
miniaturist artist
miniaturist creator
miniaturist entity
miniaturist object
miniaturist organism
miniaturist painter
miniaturist person
miniaturist whole
miniaturization abstraction
miniaturization act
miniaturization action
miniaturization change
miniaturization decrease
miniaturization entity
miniaturization event
miniaturization shrinking
miniaturize change
miniaturize decrease
miniaturize shrink
minimization abstraction
minimization act
minimization action
minimization change
minimization decrease
minimization entity
minimization event
minimize change
minimize decrease
minimize comment
minimize disparage
minimize express
minimize knock
minimize note
minimize state
minimum abstraction
minimum entity
minimum limit
minimum measure
minimum entity
minimum extremity
minimum limit
minimum location
minimum object
minimum region
mining abstraction
mining act
mining commerce
mining entity
mining event
mining industry
mining production
mining transaction
mining abstraction
mining act
mining defense
mining entity
mining event
minister administrator
minister entity
minister executive
minister head
minister leader
minister object
minister organism
minister person
minister whole
minister diplomat
minister entity
minister object
minister official
minister organism
minister person
minister whole
minister worker
minister abstraction
minister act
minister activity
minister employment
minister entity
minister event
minister occupation
minister attend
minister care
minister help
minister support
minister work
ministry abstraction
ministry body
ministry entity
ministry group
ministry priesthood
ministry profession
ministry artifact
ministry building
ministry entity
ministry object
ministry structure
ministry whole
ministry abstraction
ministry department
ministry division
ministry entity
ministry group
ministry organization
ministry unit
ministry abstraction
ministry act
ministry activity
ministry employment
ministry entity
ministry event
ministry occupation
minivan artifact
minivan car
minivan container
minivan conveyance
minivan entity
minivan instrumentality
minivan object
minivan truck
minivan van
minivan vehicle
minivan whole
mink abstraction
mink entity
mink fur
mink material
mink matter
mink part
mink relation
mink substance
mink artifact
mink clothing
mink coat
mink commodity
mink covering
mink entity
mink garment
mink object
mink whole
mink animal
mink carnivore
mink entity
mink mammal
mink object
mink organism
mink vertebrate
mink whole
minority abstraction
minority entity
minority group
minority abstraction
minority amount
minority attribute
minority entity
minority magnitude
minority number
minority property
minority abstraction
minority age
minority attribute
minority entity
minority measure
minority state
minority status
mint entity
mint herb
mint object
mint organism
mint plant
mint whole
mint abstraction
mint entity
mint family
mint group
mint entity
mint food
mint foodstuff
mint herb
mint ingredient
mint matter
mint substance
mint candy
mint dainty
mint entity
mint food
mint matter
mint substance
mint sweet
mint artifact
mint entity
mint object
mint plant
mint structure
mint whole
mint make
minuet abstraction
minuet act
minuet activity
minuet cognition
minuet content
minuet dancing
minuet discipline
minuet diversion
minuet entity
minuet event
minuet abstraction
minuet communication
minuet entity
minuet music
minute abstraction
minute entity
minute measure
minute abstraction
minute entity
minute measure
minute abstraction
minute communication
minute entity
minute evidence
minute indication
minute note
minute record
miracle abstraction
miracle entity
miracle event
miracle happening
miracle abstraction
miracle entity
miracle event
mirage entity
mirage phenomenon
mirage process
mirage abstraction
mirage cognition
mirage content
mirage entity
mirage idea
mirror artifact
mirror device
mirror entity
mirror instrumentality
mirror object
mirror whole
mirror abstraction
mirror cognition
mirror entity
mirror process
mirror reflect
mirror act
mirror attest
mirror communicate
mirror inform
mirror interact
mirror reflect
mirror testify
misanthropy abstraction
misanthropy attribute
misanthropy emotion
misanthropy entity
misanthropy feeling
misanthropy hate
misanthropy state
misanthropy abstraction
misanthropy attribute
misanthropy disposition
misanthropy entity
misanthropy nature
misanthropy trait
miscarriage abstraction
miscarriage entity
miscarriage event
miscarriage failure
miscarriage happening
mischief abstraction
mischief act
mischief activity
mischief entity
mischief event
misdemeanor abstraction
misdemeanor act
misdemeanor activity
misdemeanor crime
misdemeanor entity
misdemeanor event
misdemeanor transgression
miser entity
miser object
miser organism
miser owner
miser person
miser saver
miser whole
misery abstraction
misery adversity
misery attribute
misery condition
misery entity
misery fortune
misery misfortune
misery state
misery abstraction
misery attribute
misery entity
misery feeling
misery sadness
misery state
misfortune abstraction
misfortune entity
misfortune event
misfortune happening
misfortune trouble
misfortune abstraction
misfortune attribute
misfortune condition
misfortune entity
misfortune fortune
misfortune state
misgiving abstraction
misgiving attribute
misgiving condition
misgiving doubt
misgiving entity
misgiving state
mishap abstraction
mishap entity
mishap event
mishap happening
mishap misfortune
mishap trouble
misinformation abstraction
misinformation communication
misinformation entity
misinformation information
misinformation message
mislead lead
mismatch abstraction
mismatch cognition
mismatch counterpart
mismatch entity
mismatch equivalent
mismatch connect
mismatch join
mismatch match
misrepresentation abstraction
misrepresentation communication
misrepresentation entity
misrepresentation falsehood
misrepresentation message
misrepresentation statement
miss abstraction
miss entity
miss event
miss failure
miss happening
miss abstraction
miss entity
miss name
miss part
miss relation
miss title
miss desire
miss fail
miss avoid
missile artifact
missile conveyance
missile device
missile entity
missile instrumentality
missile instrument
missile object
missile rocket
missile vehicle
missile weapon
missile whole
mission abstraction
mission entity
mission group
mission organization
mission abstraction
mission act
mission activity
mission entity
mission event
mission operation
mission abstraction
mission act
mission activity
mission assignment
mission duty
mission entity
mission event
mission work
mission abstraction
mission act
mission activity
mission entity
mission event
mission work
missionary adult
missionary educator
missionary entity
missionary object
missionary organism
missionary person
missionary professional
missionary teacher
missionary whole
missionary entity
missionary object
missionary organism
missionary person
missionary whole
misspelling abstraction
misspelling communication
misspelling entity
misspelling orthography
misspelling spelling
misspelling writing
mist aerosol
mist cloud
mist entity
mist fog
mist phenomenon
mist process
mist cover
mist touch
mist discharge
mist scatter
mist spray
mist spread
mistake abstraction
mistake act
mistake entity
mistake event
mistake abstraction
mistake cognition
mistake content
mistake entity
mistake idea
mistake identify
mistake recognize
mistake remember
mister abstraction
mister entity
mister name
mister part
mister relation
mister title
mistletoe entity
mistletoe object
mistletoe organism
mistletoe parasite
mistletoe whole
mistletoe entity
mistletoe object
mistletoe organism
mistletoe parasite
mistletoe whole
mistletoe entity
mistletoe object
mistletoe organism
mistletoe parasite
mistletoe whole
mistranslation abstraction
mistranslation communication
mistranslation entity
mistranslation evidence
mistranslation indication
mistranslation record
mistranslation translation
mistress adult
mistress entity
mistress female
mistress lover
mistress object
mistress organism
mistress person
mistress whole
mistress woman
mistress employer
mistress entity
mistress leader
mistress object
mistress organism
mistress person
mistress whole
misuse abstraction
misuse act
misuse activity
misuse entity
misuse event
misuse use
mite animal
mite entity
mite invertebrate
mite object
mite organism
mite whole
mitigate change
mitigate decrease
mitosis entity
mitosis process
mix concoction
mix entity
mix food
mix foodstuff
mix matter
mix substance
mix abstraction
mix combining
mix entity
mix event
mix happening
mix union
mix abstraction
mix act
mix action
mix change
mix combination
mix entity
mix event
mix add
mix change
mix compound
mix increase
mix add
mix change
mix increase
mix change
mixture abstraction
mixture entity
mixture matter
mixture part
mixture relation
mixture substance
moat artifact
moat ditch
moat entity
moat excavation
moat object
moat trench
moat whole
mob abstraction
mob crowd
mob entity
mob gathering
mob group
mobile abstraction
mobile art
mobile artifact
mobile attribute
mobile creation
mobile entity
mobile figure
mobile object
mobile sculpture
mobile shape
mobile whole
mobility abstraction
mobility attribute
mobility entity
mobility quality
mobilization abstraction
mobilization act
mobilization entity
mobilization event
mobilization abstraction
mobilization act
mobilization assembly
mobilization entity
mobilization event
mobilize gather
mobilize change
mobilize move
mock abstraction
mock act
mock activity
mock behavior
mock entity
mock event
mock act
mock interact
mock treat
mock imitate
mock produce
mock reproduce
mockingbird animal
mockingbird bird
mockingbird entity
mockingbird object
mockingbird organism
mockingbird vertebrate
mockingbird whole
mode abstraction
mode attribute
mode condition
mode entity
mode state
mode abstraction
mode communication
mode entity
mode notation
mode scale
mode writing
mode abstraction
mode average
mode cognition
mode entity
mode information
mode statistic
model abstraction
model cognition
model concept
model content
model entity
model hypothesis
model idea
model abstraction
model category
model cognition
model concept
model content
model entity
model idea
model kind
model assistant
model entity
model object
model organism
model person
model whole
model worker
model artifact
model creation
model entity
model object
model representation
model whole
model entity
model leader
model object
model organism
model person
model whole
model abstraction
model cognition
model content
model entity
model representation
model abstraction
model act
model activity
model entity
model event
model representation
model imitate
model produce
model reproduce
model make
model shape
model expose
model show
model expose
model show
model make
model represent
modeling abstraction
modeling act
modeling activity
modeling art
modeling cognition
modeling content
modeling creation
modeling discipline
modeling entity
modeling event
modeling sculpture
modem artifact
modem entity
modem equipment
modem instrumentality
modem object
modem whole
moderate act
moderate communicate
moderate interact
moderate talk
moderate change
moderation abstraction
moderation attribute
moderation degree
moderation entity
moderation property
moderation abstraction
moderation act
moderation action
moderation change
moderation decrease
moderation entity
moderation event
moderator entity
moderator inhibitor
moderator matter
moderator substance
moderator entity
moderator leader
moderator object
moderator organism
moderator person
moderator whole
moderator entity
moderator leader
moderator object
moderator organism
moderator person
moderator whole
moderator entity
moderator mediator
moderator negotiator
moderator object
moderator organism
moderator person
moderator whole
modern entity
modern object
modern organism
modern person
modern whole
modern abstraction
modern character
modern communication
modern entity
modern font
modern signal
modern symbol
modern type
modernism art
modernism artifact
modernism creation
modernism entity
modernism genre
modernism object
modernism whole
modernism abstraction
modernism act
modernism activity
modernism entity
modernism event
modernism practice
modernist artist
modernist creator
modernist entity
modernist object
modernist organism
modernist person
modernist whole
modernization abstraction
modernization act
modernization action
modernization change
modernization entity
modernization event
modernization improvement
modernization abstraction
modernization adaptation
modernization communication
modernization entity
modernization writing
modernize change
modesty abstraction
modesty attribute
modesty decency
modesty entity
modesty propriety
modesty trait
modesty abstraction
modesty attribute
modesty entity
modesty propriety
modesty trait
modification artifact
modification copy
modification creation
modification entity
modification object
modification representation
modification whole
modification abstraction
modification entity
modification relation
modifier abstraction
modifier entity
modifier part
modifier relation
modifier word
modifier entity
modifier mediator
modifier moderator
modifier negotiator
modifier object
modifier organism
modifier person
modifier whole
modifier abstraction
modifier arrangement
modifier entity
modifier gene
modifier group
modifier sequence
modifier series
modify change
modify add
modify change
modify increase
modulation abstraction
modulation act
modulation communication
modulation entity
modulation event
modulation transmission
modulation abstraction
modulation communication
modulation entity
modulation abstraction
modulation act
modulation action
modulation change
modulation entity
modulation event
modulation revision
modulation transformation
module area
module artifact
module compartment
module entity
module object
module room
module structure
module whole
module artifact
module circuit
module device
module entity
module instrumentality
module object
module whole
module component
module entity
module object
module part
mogul abstraction
mogul attribute
mogul bulge
mogul entity
mogul projection
mogul shape
mogul solid
mogul entity
mogul object
mogul organism
mogul person
mogul ruler
mogul whole
moisture abstraction
moisture attribute
moisture condition
moisture entity
moisture state
moisture wetness
molar bone
molar entity
molar part
molar thing
molar tissue
molar tooth
mold artifact
mold container
mold entity
mold instrumentality
mold object
mold whole
mold abstraction
mold earth
mold entity
mold material
mold matter
mold part
mold relation
mold soil
mold substance
mold entity
mold fungus
mold object
mold organism
mold whole
mold course
mold dessert
mold dish
mold entity
mold food
mold matter
mold substance
mold abstraction
mold attribute
mold characteristic
mold entity
mold hallmark
mold quality
mold abstraction
mold art
mold artifact
mold attribute
mold creation
mold entity
mold figure
mold object
mold sculpture
mold shape
mold whole
mold change
mold cling
mold touch
molding abstraction
molding act
molding activity
molding creation
molding entity
molding event
molding artifact
molding decoration
molding entity
molding object
molding whole
molding boundary
molding edge
molding entity
molding extremity
molding limit
molding location
molding object
molding region
mole condiment
mole entity
mole food
mole foodstuff
mole ingredient
mole matter
mole sauce
mole substance
mole abstraction
mole appearance
mole attribute
mole blemish
mole entity
mole quality
mole animal
mole entity
mole mammal
mole object
mole organism
mole vertebrate
mole whole
molecule entity
molecule thing
molecule unit
moment abstraction
moment entity
moment measure
moment point
moment abstraction
moment entity
moment measure
moment time
moment entity
moment force
moment phenomenon
moment process
moment abstraction
moment cognition
moment entity
moment information
moment statistic
momentum abstraction
momentum attribute
momentum degree
momentum entity
momentum force
momentum intensity
momentum property
momentum abstraction
momentum attribute
momentum entity
momentum property
monarch animal
monarch butterfly
monarch entity
monarch insect
monarch invertebrate
monarch object
monarch organism
monarch whole
monarchist adult
monarchist conservative
monarchist entity
monarchist object
monarchist organism
monarchist person
monarchist whole
monarchy abstraction
monarchy autocracy
monarchy entity
monarchy group
monastery artifact
monastery building
monastery dwelling
monastery entity
monastery house
monastery housing
monastery object
monastery residence
monastery structure
monastery whole
money abstraction
money entity
money measure
money standard
money abstraction
money entity
money possession
money property
money relation
money wealth
money abstraction
money currency
money entity
money measure
money standard
mongoose animal
mongoose carnivore
mongoose entity
mongoose mammal
mongoose object
mongoose organism
mongoose vertebrate
mongoose whole
monitor artifact
monitor device
monitor display
monitor entity
monitor instrumentality
monitor object
monitor whole
monitor artifact
monitor entity
monitor equipment
monitor instrumentality
monitor object
monitor whole
monitor artifact
monitor entity
monitor equipment
monitor instrumentality
monitor object
monitor whole
monitor animal
monitor entity
monitor lizard
monitor object
monitor organism
monitor reptile
monitor vertebrate
monitor whole
monitor observe
monitor watch
monitor observe
monitor watch
monk entity
monk object
monk organism
monk person
monk religious
monk whole
monkey animal
monkey entity
monkey mammal
monkey object
monkey organism
monkey primate
monkey vertebrate
monkey whole
monogamy abstraction
monogamy attribute
monogamy entity
monogamy marriage
monogamy state
monogamy status
monogram abstraction
monogram communication
monogram entity
monogram signal
monogram symbol
monograph abstraction
monograph communication
monograph entity
monograph writing
monologue abstraction
monologue communication
monologue entity
monologue speech
monologue abstraction
monologue communication
monologue entity
monologue line
monologue matter
monologue text
monologue writing
monopolist entity
monopolist object
monopolist organism
monopolist person
monopolist whole
monopoly abstraction
monopoly act
monopoly activity
monopoly entity
monopoly event
monopoly market
monopoly abstraction
monopoly attribute
monopoly condition
monopoly dominance
monopoly entity
monopoly state
monopoly abstraction
monopoly act
monopoly activity
monopoly entity
monopoly event
monopoly game
monorail abstraction
monorail business
monorail carrier
monorail enterprise
monorail entity
monorail group
monorail line
monorail organization
monorail railway
monotheism abstraction
monotheism attribute
monotheism belief
monotheism cognition
monotheism content
monotheism entity
monotheism good
monotheism morality
monotheism quality
monotheism religion
monotheism theism
monotheism virtue
monotheist believer
monotheist entity
monotheist object
monotheist organism
monotheist person
monotheist whole
monotone abstraction
monotone communication
monotone entity
monotone intonation
monotone abstraction
monotone communication
monotone entity
monotone notation
monotone note
monotone writing
monoxide abstraction
monoxide chemical
monoxide compound
monoxide entity
monoxide material
monoxide matter
monoxide oxide
monoxide part
monoxide relation
monoxide substance
monsignor abstraction
monsignor attribute
monsignor clergyman
monsignor entity
monsignor leader
monsignor object
monsignor organism
monsignor person
monsignor priest
monsignor state
monsignor status
monsignor whole
monsoon entity
monsoon phenomenon
monsoon process
monsoon weather
monsoon wind
monsoon abstraction
monsoon entity
monsoon measure
monsoon season
monsoon entity
monsoon phenomenon
monsoon precipitation
monsoon process
monsoon rain
monsoon weather
monsoon wind
monster ability
monster abstraction
monster cognition
monster creativity
monster entity
monster imagination
monster entity
monster object
monster organism
monster person
monster whole
monster animal
monster entity
monster fetus
monster object
monster organism
monster vertebrate
monster whole
month abstraction
month entity
month measure
monthly artifact
monthly creation
monthly entity
monthly object
monthly periodical
monthly product
monthly publication
monthly series
monthly whole
monthly work
monument entity
monument location
monument object
monument region
monument site
monument tract
moo abstraction
moo cry
moo entity
moo event
moo happening
moo sound
moo utter
mood abstraction
mood entity
mood relation
moon entity
moon object
moon entity
moon object
moon satellite
moon whole
moon idle
moon expose
moon show
moonlight energy
moonlight entity
moonlight light
moonlight phenomenon
moonlight process
moonlight radiation
moonlight work
moonwalk abstraction
moonwalk act
moonwalk action
moonwalk change
moonwalk entity
moonwalk event
moonwalk locomotion
moonwalk motion
moonwalk abstraction
moonwalk act
moonwalk action
moonwalk change
moonwalk entity
moonwalk event
moonwalk motion
moonwalk travel
moonwalk walk
moot abstraction
moot act
moot entity
moot event
moot lawsuit
moot proceeding
mope move
mope be
moped artifact
moped container
moped conveyance
moped entity
moped instrumentality
moped motorcycle
moped object
moped vehicle
moped whole
moral abstraction
moral communication
moral entity
moral meaning
moral message
morale abstraction
morale attribute
morale condition
morale entity
morale state
morality abstraction
morality attribute
morality entity
morality quality
morbidity abstraction
morbidity entity
morbidity frequency
morbidity incidence
morbidity ratio
morbidity relation
morbidity abstraction
morbidity attribute
morbidity condition
morbidity entity
morbidity state
morning abstraction
morning entity
morning measure
morocco abstraction
morocco entity
morocco leather
morocco material
morocco matter
morocco part
morocco relation
morocco substance
morphine agent
morphine drug
morphine entity
morphine matter
morphine medicine
morphine narcotic
morphine substance
mortality abstraction
mortality attribute
mortality duration
mortality entity
mortality impermanence
mortality property
mortar artifact
mortar artillery
mortar cannon
mortar entity
mortar instrumentality
mortar object
mortar weaponry
mortar whole
mortar artifact
mortar entity
mortar object
mortar whole
mortar artifact
mortar container
mortar entity
mortar instrumentality
mortar object
mortar vessel
mortar whole
mortar coat
mortar cover
mortar plaster
mortgage abstraction
mortgage assets
mortgage entity
mortgage interest
mortgage possession
mortgage relation
mortgage share
mortgage be
mortgage owe
mosaic art
mosaic artifact
mosaic creation
mosaic entity
mosaic object
mosaic whole
mosaic abstraction
mosaic attribute
mosaic condition
mosaic disease
mosaic entity
mosaic illness
mosaic state
mosaic abstraction
mosaic cognition
mosaic entity
mosaic form
mosaic structure
mosaic artifact
mosaic device
mosaic entity
mosaic instrumentality
mosaic object
mosaic whole
mosaic artifact
mosaic creation
mosaic entity
mosaic object
mosaic photograph
mosaic representation
mosaic whole
mosque artifact
mosque building
mosque entity
mosque object
mosque structure
mosque whole
mosquito animal
mosquito entity
mosquito insect
mosquito invertebrate
mosquito object
mosquito organism
mosquito whole
moss entity
moss object
moss organism
moss whole
motel artifact
motel building
motel entity
motel hotel
motel object
motel structure
motel whole
moth animal
moth entity
moth insect
moth invertebrate
moth object
moth organism
moth whole
mother ancestor
mother entity
mother object
mother organism
mother parent
mother person
mother relative
mother whole
mother entity
mother matter
mother substance
mother yeast
mother adult
mother entity
mother female
mother object
mother organism
mother person
mother whole
mother woman
mother entity
mother object
mother organism
mother person
mother religious
mother superior
mother whole
mother abstraction
mother cognition
mother content
mother entity
mother idea
mother inspiration
mother care
mother help
mother support
motherhood abstraction
motherhood entity
motherhood kinship
motherhood relation
motif artifact
motif decoration
motif design
motif entity
motif object
motif whole
motif abstraction
motif communication
motif entity
motif music
motif theme
motif tune
motion abstraction
motion act
motion action
motion change
motion entity
motion event
motion abstraction
motion attribute
motion entity
motion state
motion abstraction
motion communication
motion entity
motion message
motion proposal
motion abstraction
motion act
motion action
motion change
motion entity
motion event
motivate cause
motivate make
motivation abstraction
motivation entity
motivation abstraction
motivation attribute
motivation condition
motivation entity
motivation state
motivation abstraction
motivation act
motivation entity
motivation event
motley artifact
motley clothing
motley commodity
motley covering
motley entity
motley garment
motley object
motley whole
motley artifact
motley entity
motley fabric
motley object
motley whole
motley change
motley color
motor artifact
motor device
motor entity
motor instrumentality
motor machine
motor object
motor whole
motor agent
motor entity
motorbike ride
motorbike travel
motorcycle artifact
motorcycle container
motorcycle conveyance
motorcycle entity
motorcycle instrumentality
motorcycle object
motorcycle vehicle
motorcycle whole
motorcyclist entity
motorcyclist object
motorcyclist organism
motorcyclist person
motorcyclist traveler
motorcyclist whole
motto abstraction
motto communication
motto entity
motto saying
motto speech
mound artifact
mound entity
mound equipment
mound instrumentality
mound object
mound whole
mound artifact
mound entity
mound object
mound structure
mound whole
mound make
mound shape
mount artifact
mount entity
mount framework
mount mounting
mount object
mount structure
mount whole
mount attach
mount connect
mount change
mount fix
mount cause
mount initiate
mount make
mount cause
mount initiate
mount make
mount organize
mountain entity
mountain object
mountaineer adventurer
mountaineer athlete
mountaineer climber
mountaineer contestant
mountaineer entity
mountaineer object
mountaineer organism
mountaineer person
mountaineer whole
mountaineer climb
mountaineer rise
mountaineer travel
mountainside entity
mountainside object
mountainside slope
mounting artifact
mounting entity
mounting framework
mounting object
mounting structure
mounting whole
mourn feel
mourn suffer
mourn observe
mourner entity
mourner object
mourner organism
mourner person
mourner unfortunate
mourner whole
mourning abstraction
mourning attribute
mourning emotion
mourning entity
mourning feeling
mourning sadness
mourning state
mourning unhappiness
mouse animal
mouse entity
mouse mammal
mouse object
mouse organism
mouse rodent
mouse vertebrate
mouse whole
mouse entity
mouse object
mouse organism
mouse person
mouse whole
mouse artifact
mouse device
mouse entity
mouse instrumentality
mouse object
mouse whole
mouse handle
mouse manipulate
mouse touch
mousse course
mousse dessert
mousse entity
mousse food
mousse matter
mousse substance
mousse dish
mousse entity
mousse food
mousse matter
mousse substance
mousse artifact
mousse entity
mousse instrumentality
mousse object
mousse whole
mousse better
mousse change
mousse groom
mouth entity
mouth orifice
mouth part
mouth passage
mouth structure
mouth thing
mouth entity
mouth orifice
mouth part
mouth passage
mouth structure
mouth thing
mouth abstraction
mouth attribute
mouth entity
mouth location
mouth object
mouth opening
mouth shape
mouth space
mouth entity
mouth object
mouth consumer
mouth eater
mouth entity
mouth object
mouth organism
mouth person
mouth user
mouth whole
mouth artifact
mouth entity
mouth object
mouth opening
mouth whole
mouth express
mouth represent
mouth touch
mouthpiece artifact
mouthpiece entity
mouthpiece object
mouthpiece opening
mouthpiece whole
mouthpiece artifact
mouthpiece device
mouthpiece entity
mouthpiece instrumentality
mouthpiece object
mouthpiece whole
mouthpiece advocate
mouthpiece entity
mouthpiece object
mouthpiece organism
mouthpiece person
mouthpiece spokesperson
mouthpiece whole
mouthpiece artifact
mouthpiece entity
mouthpiece equipment
mouthpiece instrumentality
mouthpiece object
mouthpiece whole
mouthpiece artifact
mouthpiece conduit
mouthpiece entity
mouthpiece object
mouthpiece passage
mouthpiece tube
mouthpiece way
mouthpiece whole
mouthpiece artifact
mouthpiece entity
mouthpiece object
mouthpiece opening
mouthpiece whole
move abstraction
move act
move action
move choice
move decision
move entity
move event
move abstraction
move act
move action
move change
move entity
move event
move abstraction
move act
move activity
move entity
move event
move turn
move change
move affect
move exchange
move sell
move transfer
move change
move live
move declare
move express
move propose
move state
movement abstraction
movement entity
movement event
movement happening
movement abstraction
movement entity
movement group
movement abstraction
movement communication
movement entity
movement music
movement action
movement artifact
movement device
movement entity
movement instrumentality
movement mechanism
movement object
movement whole
movement abstraction
movement act
movement action
movement change
movement entity
movement event
mover employee
mover entity
mover object
mover organism
mover person
mover whole
mover worker
mover workman
mover entity
mover object
mover organism
mover person
mover traveler
mover whole
mover abstraction
mover company
mover entity
mover group
mover institution
mover organization
movie abstraction
movie artifact
movie creation
movie entity
movie event
movie object
movie product
movie show
movie whole
mow cut
mow move
mow separate
mozzarella cheese
mozzarella entity
mozzarella food
mozzarella foodstuff
mozzarella matter
mozzarella solid
mozzarella substance
much abstraction
much entity
much measure
mucus abstraction
mucus entity
mucus matter
mucus part
mucus relation
mucus secretion
mucus substance
mud abstraction
mud earth
mud entity
mud material
mud matter
mud part
mud relation
mud soil
mud substance
mud abstraction
mud act
mud communication
mud defamation
mud entity
mud event
mud message
mud slander
mud coat
mud cover
mud plaster
muddy change
muddy dirty
muddy change
muddy confuse
muddy change
mudguard artifact
mudguard barrier
mudguard entity
mudguard fender
mudguard object
mudguard obstruction
mudguard structure
mudguard whole
muffin bread
muffin entity
muffin food
muffin foodstuff
muffin matter
muffin solid
muffin substance
muffle area
muffle artifact
muffle chamber
muffle enclosure
muffle entity
muffle furnace
muffle object
muffle structure
muffle whole
muffle change
muffle soften
mug abstraction
mug entity
mug measure
mug artifact
mug container
mug entity
mug instrumentality
mug object
mug vessel
mug whole
mug rob
mug steal
mug take
mule animal
mule entity
mule mammal
mule object
mule organism
mule vertebrate
mule whole
mule artifact
mule covering
mule entity
mule footwear
mule object
mule slipper
mule whole
mullet entity
mullet fish
mullet food
mullet matter
mullet solid
mullet animal
mullet entity
mullet fish
mullet object
mullet organism
mullet vertebrate
mullet whole
mullet animal
mullet entity
mullet fish
mullet object
mullet organism
mullet vertebrate
mullet whole
multimedia abstraction
multimedia act
multimedia communication
multimedia entity
multimedia event
multimedia transmission
multiple abstraction
multiple cognition
multiple concept
multiple content
multiple entity
multiple idea
multiple product
multiple quantity
multiplex artifact
multiplex entity
multiplex instrumentality
multiplex medium
multiplex object
multiplex telecommunication
multiplex whole
multiplex artifact
multiplex building
multiplex cinema
multiplex entity
multiplex object
multiplex structure
multiplex theater
multiplex whole
multiplication entity
multiplication increase
multiplication process
multiplication abstraction
multiplication act
multiplication activity
multiplication calculation
multiplication entity
multiplication event
multiplication procedure
multiplicity abstraction
multiplicity attribute
multiplicity entity
multiplicity magnitude
multiplicity property
multiplier abstraction
multiplier entity
multiplier measure
multiplier number
multiply calculate
multiply reason
multiply think
multiply change
multiply increase
multitude abstraction
multitude entity
multitude gathering
multitude group
multitude abstraction
multitude entity
multitude group
mum abstraction
mum attribute
mum entity
mum secrecy
mum trait
mummy body
mummy entity
mummy object
mummy whole
mumps abstraction
mumps attribute
mumps condition
mumps disease
mumps entity
mumps illness
mumps state
munch bite
munch consumption
munch eating
munch entity
munch process
municipality district
municipality entity
municipality location
municipality object
municipality region
municipality abstraction
municipality entity
municipality gathering
municipality group
mural art
mural artifact
mural creation
mural entity
mural object
mural painting
mural whole
murder abstraction
murder act
murder action
murder change
murder entity
murder event
murder homicide
murder killing
murder termination
murder kill
murderer criminal
murderer entity
murderer killer
murderer object
murderer organism
murderer person
murderer principal
murderer whole
murderess criminal
murderess entity
murderess killer
murderess murderer
murderess object
murderess organism
murderess person
murderess principal
murderess whole
murmur act
murmur communicate
murmur interact
murmur talk
murmur complain
muscle entity
muscle organ
muscle part
muscle thing
muscle entity
muscle part
muscle thing
muscle tissue
muscle abstraction
muscle attribute
muscle authority
muscle control
muscle entity
muscle power
muscle quality
muscle pass
muscle travel
muse abstraction
muse belief
muse cognition
muse content
muse deity
muse entity
muse abstraction
muse cognition
muse content
muse entity
muse idea
muse inspiration
muse source
museum artifact
museum depository
museum entity
museum facility
museum object
museum whole
mushroom entity
mushroom fungus
mushroom object
mushroom organism
mushroom whole
mushroom entity
mushroom fungus
mushroom object
mushroom organism
mushroom whole
mushroom entity
mushroom fungus
mushroom object
mushroom organism
mushroom whole
mushroom cloud
mushroom entity
mushroom phenomenon
mushroom process
mushroom entity
mushroom food
mushroom matter
mushroom produce
mushroom solid
mushroom vegetable
mushroom gather
mushroom pick
mushroom change
mushroom grow
mushroom increase
music abstraction
music communication
music entity
music abstraction
music cognition
music entity
music perception
music process
music sensation
music sound
music abstraction
music act
music activity
music entity
music event
music abstraction
music cognition
music entity
music perception
music process
music sensation
music sound
music abstraction
music act
music entity
music event
music punishment
musical abstraction
musical artifact
musical creation
musical entity
musical event
musical movie
musical object
musical play
musical product
musical show
musical whole
musician entertainer
musician entity
musician object
musician organism
musician performer
musician person
musician whole
musician artist
musician creator
musician entity
musician object
musician organism
musician person
musician whole
musk abstraction
musk entity
musk matter
musk part
musk relation
musk secretion
musk substance
musk abstraction
musk cognition
musk entity
musk perception
musk process
musk scent
musk sensation
musk smell
muslin artifact
muslin entity
muslin fabric
muslin object
muslin whole
mussel entity
mussel food
mussel matter
mussel seafood
mussel shellfish
mussel solid
mussel animal
mussel entity
mussel invertebrate
mussel object
mussel organism
mussel whole
must entity
must necessity
must thing
must abstraction
must beverage
must entity
must fluid
must food
must liquid
must matter
must part
must relation
must substance
mustache covering
mustache entity
mustache hair
mustache object
mustache whole
mustang animal
mustang entity
mustang horse
mustang mammal
mustang object
mustang organism
mustang pony
mustang vertebrate
mustang whole
mustard entity
mustard herb
mustard object
mustard organism
mustard plant
mustard whole
mustard condiment
mustard entity
mustard food
mustard foodstuff
mustard ingredient
mustard matter
mustard substance
mustard entity
mustard food
mustard matter
mustard produce
mustard solid
mustard vegetable
muster abstraction
muster entity
muster gathering
muster group
muster gather
muster ask
muster call
muster communicate
muster convey
muster move
muster order
muster request
muster transfer
mutant entity
mutant object
mutant organism
mutant whole
mutant animal
mutant entity
mutant object
mutant organism
mutant whole
mutation abstraction
mutation change
mutation entity
mutation event
mutation happening
mutation abstraction
mutation change
mutation entity
mutation event
mutation happening
mute entity
mute object
mute organism
mute person
mute whole
mute artifact
mute device
mute entity
mute instrumentality
mute object
mute whole
muteness abstraction
muteness attribute
muteness entity
muteness trait
mutiny abstraction
mutiny act
mutiny conflict
mutiny entity
mutiny event
mutiny rebellion
mutiny evaluate
mutiny oppose
mutiny protest
mutiny rebel
mutiny refute
mutiny reject
mutiny think
muzzle entity
muzzle face
muzzle part
muzzle thing
muzzle artifact
muzzle device
muzzle entity
muzzle instrumentality
muzzle object
muzzle restraint
muzzle whole
muzzle equip
muzzle give
muzzle supply
muzzle transfer
myopia abstraction
myopia attribute
myopia condition
myopia disability
myopia entity
myopia state
myriad abstraction
myriad entity
myriad measure
mystery abstraction
mystery attribute
mystery condition
mystery confusion
mystery entity
mystery state
mystery abstraction
mystery communication
mystery entity
mystery fiction
mystery story
mystery writing
mystic believer
mystic entity
mystic object
mystic organism
mystic person
mystic whole
mysticism abstraction
mysticism attribute
mysticism belief
mysticism cognition
mysticism content
mysticism entity
mysticism good
mysticism morality
mysticism quality
mysticism religion
mysticism virtue
mysticism abstraction
mysticism cognition
mysticism entity
mysticism process
mysticism thinking
mystique abstraction
mystique air
mystique attribute
mystique entity
mystique quality
myth abstraction
myth communication
myth entity
myth fiction
myth story
myth writing
mythologist entity
mythologist expert
mythologist object
mythologist organism
mythologist person
mythologist whole
mythology abstraction
mythology collection
mythology entity
mythology group
mythology abstraction
mythology anthropology
mythology cognition
mythology content
mythology discipline
mythology entity
mythology science
nacho dish
nacho entity
nacho food
nacho matter
nacho substance
nag complain
nag affect
nag disturb
nag worry
nag remind
nail entity
nail part
nail structure
nail thing
nail artifact
nail device
nail entity
nail fastener
nail instrumentality
nail object
nail restraint
nail whole
nail abstraction
nail entity
nail measure
nail attach
nail connect
nakedness abstraction
nakedness attribute
nakedness condition
nakedness entity
nakedness state
name abstraction
name entity
name part
name relation
name abstraction
name attribute
name entity
name honor
name repute
name standing
name state
name status
name abstraction
name entity
name family
name genealogy
name group
name kin
name lineage
name adult
name entity
name object
name organism
name person
name whole
name abstraction
name act
name authorization
name entity
name event
name management
name sanction
name abstraction
name communication
name defamation
name entity
name message
name designate
name label
name denote
name mean
name appoint
name choose
name decide
name specify
namesake entity
namesake object
namesake organism
namesake person
namesake whole
naming abstraction
naming act
naming entity
naming event
nanny adult
nanny defender
nanny entity
nanny female
nanny keeper
nanny object
nanny organism
nanny person
nanny whole
nanny woman
nanny animal
nanny entity
nanny goat
nanny mammal
nanny object
nanny organism
nanny vertebrate
nanny whole
nanometer abstraction
nanometer entity
nanometer measure
nap abstraction
nap attribute
nap entity
nap property
nap texture
nap entity
nap process
nap sleeping
nap lie
nap rest
nap sleep
nape boundary
nape entity
nape extremity
nape location
nape object
nape rear
nape region
nape side
nape surface
napkin artifact
napkin commodity
napkin entity
napkin linen
napkin object
napkin whole
napoleon entity
napoleon food
napoleon matter
napoleon pastry
napoleon solid
napoleon abstraction
napoleon act
napoleon activity
napoleon entity
napoleon event
napoleon game
narcotic agent
narcotic drug
narcotic entity
narcotic matter
narcotic substance
narrate act
narrate communicate
narrate inform
narrate interact
narration abstraction
narration act
narration entity
narration event
narration report
narration abstraction
narration communication
narration entity
narration music
narration section
narration writing
narrative abstraction
narrative communication
narrative entity
narrative message
narrator entity
narrator object
narrator organism
narrator person
narrator speaker
narrator whole
narrow channel
narrow entity
narrow strait
narrow thing
narrow change
narrowness abstraction
narrowness attribute
narrowness dimension
narrowness entity
narrowness magnitude
narrowness property
narrowness width
narrowness abstraction
narrowness cognition
narrowness concept
narrowness content
narrowness entity
narrowness idea
narrowness restriction
narrowness rule
nasal bone
nasal entity
nasal part
nasal thing
nasal tissue
nastiness abstraction
nastiness attribute
nastiness entity
nastiness quality
nation abstraction
nation entity
nation group
nation people
nation abstraction
nation confederation
nation entity
nation group
nation organization
nation union
nation unit
national entity
national object
national organism
national person
national whole
nationalism abstraction
nationalism belief
nationalism cognition
nationalism content
nationalism doctrine
nationalism entity
nationalism abstraction
nationalism ambition
nationalism attribute
nationalism desire
nationalism entity
nationalism feeling
nationalism state
nationalism abstraction
nationalism belief
nationalism cognition
nationalism content
nationalism doctrine
nationalism entity
nationalist advocate
nationalist entity
nationalist object
nationalist organism
nationalist person
nationalist whole
nationality abstraction
nationality entity
nationality group
nationality people
nationality abstraction
nationality attribute
nationality entity
nationality state
nationality status
nationhood abstraction
nationhood attribute
nationhood entity
nationhood state
native entity
native object
native organism
native person
native whole
native entity
native object
native organism
native person
native whole
native entity
native object
native organism
native whole
natural entity
natural object
natural organism
natural person
natural whole
natural abstraction
natural communication
natural entity
natural notation
natural writing
natural abstraction
natural act
natural activity
natural cast
natural diversion
natural entity
natural event
natural gambling
natural throw
natural transgression
natural vice
naturalism abstraction
naturalism belief
naturalism cognition
naturalism content
naturalism doctrine
naturalism entity
naturalism abstraction
naturalism entity
naturalism group
naturalism movement
naturalist entity
naturalist intellectual
naturalist object
naturalist organism
naturalist person
naturalist philosopher
naturalist scholar
naturalist whole
naturalist biologist
naturalist entity
naturalist object
naturalist organism
naturalist person
naturalist scientist
naturalist whole
naturalization abstraction
naturalization attribute
naturalization entity
naturalization quality
naturalization abstraction
naturalization act
naturalization entity
naturalization event
naturalization proceeding
naturalization abstraction
naturalization act
naturalization action
naturalization beginning
naturalization change
naturalization entity
naturalization event
naturalization introduction
naturalization abstraction
naturalization act
naturalization appropriation
naturalization borrowing
naturalization entity
naturalization event
nature abstraction
nature attribute
nature entity
nature quality
nature entity
nature object
nature universe
nature whole
nature abstraction
nature attribute
nature entity
nature trait
nature abstraction
nature category
nature cognition
nature concept
nature content
nature entity
nature idea
nature kind
nature type
nausea abstraction
nausea cognition
nausea entity
nausea evidence
nausea information
nausea symptom
nausea abstraction
nausea attribute
nausea disgust
nausea dislike
nausea entity
nausea feeling
nausea state
navel entity
navel location
navel object
navel point
navel center
navel entity
navel location
navel object
navel point
navigate control
navigate steer
navigate control
navigate steer
navigation abstraction
navigation act
navigation activity
navigation control
navigation entity
navigation event
navigation abstraction
navigation act
navigation commerce
navigation entity
navigation event
navigation transaction
navigation transportation
navigator entity
navigator object
navigator organism
navigator person
navigator whole
navigator worker
navigator entity
navigator explorer
navigator object
navigator organism
navigator person
navigator whole
navy abstraction
navy entity
navy force
navy group
navy organization
nay abstraction
nay act
nay denial
nay entity
nay event
nay negative
nearness abstraction
nearness distance
nearness entity
nearness placement
nearness position
nearness relation
nearness spacing
neatness abstraction
neatness attribute
neatness condition
neatness entity
neatness orderliness
neatness state
nebula abstraction
nebula chemical
nebula compound
nebula entity
nebula formulation
nebula material
nebula matter
nebula part
nebula relation
nebula substance
nebula abstraction
nebula cognition
nebula entity
nebula evidence
nebula information
nebula symptom
nebula cloud
nebula entity
nebula phenomenon
nebula process
nebula artifact
nebula decoration
nebula design
nebula entity
nebula marking
nebula object
nebula spot
nebula whole
necessitate lead
necessitate leave
necessitate make
necessitate produce
necessity abstraction
necessity attribute
necessity condition
necessity entity
necessity need
necessity state
necessity entity
necessity thing
neck entity
neck part
neck thing
neck entity
neck land
neck object
neck cut
neck entity
neck food
neck matter
neck meat
neck solid
neck entity
neck object
neck part
neck artifact
neck entity
neck object
neck opening
neck whole
neck caress
neck pet
neck stroke
neck touch
necklace adornment
necklace artifact
necklace decoration
necklace entity
necklace jewelry
necklace object
necklace whole
neckline artifact
neckline entity
neckline neck
neckline object
neckline opening
neckline whole
necromancy abstraction
necromancy cognition
necromancy divination
necromancy entity
necromancy prediction
necromancy process
necromancy prophecy
necromancy reasoning
necromancy thinking
necrophilia abstraction
necrophilia entity
necrophilia mania
necrophilia motivation
nectar abstraction
nectar entity
nectar matter
nectar part
nectar relation
nectar secretion
nectar substance
nectar abstraction
nectar beverage
nectar entity
nectar fluid
nectar food
nectar liquid
nectar matter
nectar part
nectar relation
nectar substance
nectarine entity
nectarine object
nectarine organism
nectarine plant
nectarine tree
nectarine whole
nectarine entity
nectarine food
nectarine fruit
nectarine matter
nectarine object
nectarine produce
nectarine solid
nectarine whole
need abstraction
need attribute
need condition
need entity
need state
need entity
need necessity
need thing
needle artifact
needle device
needle entity
needle indicator
needle instrumentality
needle object
needle pointer
needle whole
needle artifact
needle entity
needle implement
needle instrumentality
needle object
needle whole
needle annoy
needle harass
needle enter
needle penetrate
needle pierce
needy abstraction
needy entity
needy group
needy people
negate confirm
negate prove
negation abstraction
negation communication
negation entity
negation message
negation statement
negation abstraction
negation assertion
negation communication
negation declaration
negation denial
negation entity
negation message
negation statement
negation abstraction
negation communication
negation entity
negation message
negation proposition
negation statement
negative abstraction
negative act
negative denial
negative entity
negative event
negative artifact
negative entity
negative equipment
negative film
negative instrumentality
negative object
negative whole
negativity abstraction
negativity entity
negativity opposition
negativity polarity
negativity relation
negativity abstraction
negativity attribute
negativity entity
negativity quality
negativity abstraction
negativity amount
negativity attribute
negativity entity
negativity magnitude
negativity property
neglect abstraction
neglect attribute
neglect condition
neglect decline
neglect entity
neglect state
negligence abstraction
negligence act
negligence entity
negligence event
negligence abstraction
negligence attribute
negligence carelessness
negligence entity
negligence trait
negotiate pass
negotiate travel
negotiation abstraction
negotiation communication
negotiation discussion
negotiation entity
negotiation speech
negotiation abstraction
negotiation act
negotiation activity
negotiation entity
negotiation event
negotiator entity
negotiator object
negotiator organism
negotiator person
negotiator whole
neighbor entity
neighbor object
neighbor organism
neighbor person
neighbor whole
neighbor entity
neighbor object
neighbor be
neighbor populate
neighbor border
neighbor touch
neighborhood abstraction
neighborhood community
neighborhood entity
neighborhood gathering
neighborhood group
neighborhood area
neighborhood entity
neighborhood location
neighborhood object
neighborhood region
neoclassicism abstraction
neoclassicism attribute
neoclassicism cognition
neoclassicism content
neoclassicism discipline
neoclassicism entity
neoclassicism manner
neoclassicism property
neon abstraction
neon entity
neon fluid
neon gas
neon matter
neon part
neon relation
neon substance
nephew entity
nephew kinsman
nephew object
nephew organism
nephew person
nephew relative
nephew whole
nerve entity
nerve part
nerve thing
nerve tissue
nervousness abstraction
nervousness attribute
nervousness condition
nervousness entity
nervousness state
nervousness abstraction
nervousness attribute
nervousness disposition
nervousness entity
nervousness nature
nervousness trait
nest entity
nest object
nest whole
nest artifact
nest entity
nest facility
nest object
nest whole
nest area
nest entity
nest location
nest object
nest region
nest retreat
nest abstraction
nest association
nest entity
nest gang
nest group
nest organization
nest artifact
nest entity
nest furnishing
nest furniture
nest instrumentality
nest object
nest whole
nest be
nest populate
nest attach
nest connect
nest implant
nest insert
nest gather
nestle be
nestle lie
nestle move
nestle put
net artifact
net device
net entity
net instrumentality
net object
net trap
net whole
net artifact
net entity
net equipment
net goal
net instrumentality
net object
net whole
net artifact
net entity
net equipment
net instrumentality
net object
net whole
net artifact
net entity
net fabric
net object
net whole
net get
net profit
net gain
net get
net yield
net catch
net seize
net take
nettle entity
nettle object
nettle organism
nettle plant
nettle weed
nettle whole
nettle ache
nettle bite
network abstraction
network entity
network group
network system
network artifact
network entity
network facility
network object
network whole
network artifact
network entity
network instrumentality
network object
network system
network whole
network artifact
network entity
network instrumentality
network object
network system
network whole
network act
network communicate
network interact
neurology abstraction
neurology cognition
neurology content
neurology discipline
neurology entity
neurology science
neurology abstraction
neurology cognition
neurology content
neurology discipline
neurology entity
neurology medicine
neurology science
neurophysiology abstraction
neurophysiology biology
neurophysiology cognition
neurophysiology content
neurophysiology discipline
neurophysiology entity
neurophysiology physiology
neurophysiology science
neurosis abstraction
neurosis attribute
neurosis condition
neurosis disorder
neurosis entity
neurosis state
neurotic entity
neurotic object
neurotic organism
neurotic person
neurotic unfortunate
neurotic whole
neurotransmitter abstraction
neurotransmitter chemical
neurotransmitter compound
neurotransmitter entity
neurotransmitter material
neurotransmitter matter
neurotransmitter part
neurotransmitter relation
neurotransmitter substance
neuter abstraction
neuter class
neuter collection
neuter entity
neuter gender
neuter group
neutral entity
neutral object
neutral organism
neutral person
neutral whole
neutrality abstraction
neutrality act
neutrality entity
neutrality event
neutrality abstraction
neutrality attribute
neutrality concentration
neutrality entity
neutrality property
neutron body
neutron entity
neutron object
neutron particle
neutron whole
newcomer entity
newcomer novice
newcomer object
newcomer organism
newcomer person
newcomer whole
newcomer arrival
newcomer entity
newcomer object
newcomer organism
newcomer person
newcomer traveler
newcomer whole
newness abstraction
newness age
newness attribute
newness entity
newness property
news abstraction
news communication
news entity
news information
news message
news abstraction
news communication
news entity
news information
news message
news abstraction
news communication
news entity
news information
news message
newscaster announcer
newscaster broadcaster
newscaster entity
newscaster object
newscaster organism
newscaster person
newscaster whole
newsletter abstraction
newsletter communication
newsletter entity
newsletter information
newsletter message
newsletter news
newsletter report
newspaper artifact
newspaper entity
newspaper instrumentality
newspaper medium
newspaper object
newspaper press
newspaper whole
newspaper abstraction
newspaper business
newspaper enterprise
newspaper entity
newspaper firm
newspaper group
newspaper organization
newspaper publisher
newspaper artifact
newspaper creation
newspaper entity
newspaper object
newspaper product
newspaper whole
newspaper abstraction
newspaper entity
newspaper material
newspaper matter
newspaper paper
newspaper part
newspaper relation
newspaper substance
newsreel abstraction
newsreel artifact
newsreel creation
newsreel entity
newsreel event
newsreel movie
newsreel object
newsreel product
newsreel show
newsreel whole
newt amphibian
newt animal
newt entity
newt object
newt organism
newt salamander
newt vertebrate
newt whole
nexus abstraction
nexus arrangement
nexus entity
nexus group
nexus series
niche abstraction
niche attribute
niche entity
niche place
niche state
niche status
niche abstraction
niche attribute
niche condition
niche entity
niche state
nick artifact
nick entity
nick establishment
nick institution
nick object
nick prison
nick structure
nick whole
nick cut
nick move
nick separate
nick cut
nick move
nick separate
nick change
nick connect
nick copulate
nick join
nickel abstraction
nickel entity
nickel matter
nickel part
nickel relation
nickel substance
nickel abstraction
nickel coinage
nickel coin
nickel currency
nickel entity
nickel measure
nickel standard
nickel abstraction
nickel bill
nickel currency
nickel entity
nickel measure
nickel standard
nickel coat
nickel cover
nickel plate
nickname abstraction
nickname entity
nickname name
nickname part
nickname relation
nickname abstraction
nickname entity
nickname name
nickname part
nickname relation
nicotine abstraction
nicotine agent
nicotine alkaloid
nicotine chemical
nicotine compound
nicotine entity
nicotine material
nicotine matter
nicotine part
nicotine poison
nicotine relation
nicotine substance
niece entity
niece object
niece organism
niece person
niece relative
niece whole
nigger black
nigger entity
nigger object
nigger organism
nigger person
nigger whole
night abstraction
night entity
night measure
night abstraction
night entity
night measure
night abstraction
night entity
night measure
night abstraction
night entity
night measure
night abstraction
night attribute
night dark
night entity
night illumination
night state
night abstraction
night cognition
night entity
night hour
night information
night reading
night twilight
night abstraction
night entity
night measure
nightingale animal
nightingale bird
nightingale entity
nightingale object
nightingale organism
nightingale thrush
nightingale vertebrate
nightingale whole
nightlife abstraction
nightlife act
nightlife activity
nightlife diversion
nightlife entertainment
nightlife entity
nightlife event
nightlife abstraction
nightlife act
nightlife activity
nightlife diversion
nightlife entity
nightlife event
nightmare abstraction
nightmare attribute
nightmare condition
nightmare difficulty
nightmare entity
nightmare situation
nightmare state
nightmare abstraction
nightmare cognition
nightmare dream
nightmare entity
nightmare imagination
nightmare process
nightshade entity
nightshade object
nightshade organism
nightshade plant
nightshade whole
nine abstraction
nine digit
nine entity
nine integer
nine measure
nine number
nineteen abstraction
nineteen entity
nineteen integer
nineteen measure
nineteen number
nineteenth abstraction
nineteenth attribute
nineteenth entity
nineteenth rank
nineteenth state
nineteenth status
ninety abstraction
ninety entity
ninety integer
ninety measure
ninety number
ninja adventurer
ninja entity
ninja mercenary
ninja object
ninja organism
ninja person
ninja whole
ninja abstraction
ninja class
ninja entity
ninja group
ninja people
ninth abstraction
ninth attribute
ninth entity
ninth rank
ninth state
ninth status
nipple entity
nipple organ
nipple part
nipple thing
nipple artifact
nipple cap
nipple covering
nipple entity
nipple object
nipple top
nipple whole
nirvana abstraction
nirvana attribute
nirvana blessedness
nirvana emotion
nirvana entity
nirvana feeling
nirvana happiness
nirvana state
nitrate abstraction
nitrate chemical
nitrate compound
nitrate entity
nitrate material
nitrate matter
nitrate part
nitrate relation
nitrate substance
nitrate affect
nitrate change
nitrate process
nitrogen abstraction
nitrogen entity
nitrogen fluid
nitrogen gas
nitrogen matter
nitrogen part
nitrogen relation
nitrogen substance
no abstraction
no act
no denial
no entity
no event
no negative
nobility abstraction
nobility class
nobility elite
nobility entity
nobility group
nobility people
nobility abstraction
nobility attribute
nobility entity
nobility honorableness
nobility morality
nobility quality
nobility righteousness
nobility abstraction
nobility attribute
nobility entity
nobility state
nobility status
nod abstraction
nod communication
nod entity
nod gesture
nod abstraction
nod act
nod action
nod change
nod entity
nod event
nod inclination
nod motion
nod act
nod communicate
nod interact
nod act
nod communicate
nod interact
nod move
nod lie
nod rest
node abstraction
node attribute
node connection
node entity
node shape
node abstraction
node attribute
node entity
node shape
node solid
node entity
node part
node process
node thing
node entity
node location
node object
node point
node entity
node location
node object
node point
node abstraction
node entity
node matter
node part
node relation
node substance
node artifact
node computer
node device
node entity
node instrumentality
node machine
node object
node whole
noise abstraction
noise entity
noise event
noise happening
noise sound
noise abstraction
noise cognition
noise entity
noise perception
noise process
noise sensation
noise sound
noise abstraction
noise entity
noise event
noise happening
noise trouble
noise abstraction
noise communication
noise cry
noise entity
noise utterance
noise abstraction
noise attribute
noise entity
noise quality
nomad entity
nomad object
nomad organism
nomad person
nomad traveler
nomad wanderer
nomad whole
nominate choose
nominate decide
nominate nominate
nominate choose
nominate decide
nomination abstraction
nomination act
nomination action
nomination appointment
nomination choice
nomination decision
nomination entity
nomination event
nomination abstraction
nomination attribute
nomination condition
nomination entity
nomination state
nominative abstraction
nominative case
nominative class
nominative collection
nominative entity
nominative group
nonchalance abstraction
nonchalance attribute
nonchalance entity
nonchalance trait
none abstraction
none cognition
none entity
none hour
none information
none reading
none abstraction
none act
none activity
none ceremony
none entity
none event
none service
nonexistence abstraction
nonexistence attribute
nonexistence entity
nonexistence state
nonfiction abstraction
nonfiction communication
nonfiction entity
nonmetal abstraction
nonmetal entity
nonmetal matter
nonmetal part
nonmetal relation
nonmetal substance
nonsense abstraction
nonsense communication
nonsense entity
nonsense message
noodle entity
noodle food
noodle matter
noodle pasta
noodle solid
nook area
nook entity
nook location
nook object
nook region
nook retreat
noon abstraction
noon cognition
noon entity
noon hour
noon information
noon reading
norm abstraction
norm entity
norm measure
norm standard
normality abstraction
normality attribute
normality condition
normality entity
normality state
normality abstraction
normality entity
normality measure
normality abstraction
normality attribute
normality entity
normality quality
normality abstraction
normality agreement
normality attribute
normality characteristic
normality compatibility
normality conformity
normality entity
normality quality
north abstraction
north direction
north entity
north position
north relation
north entity
north location
north object
north abstraction
north direction
north entity
north position
north relation
north abstraction
north direction
north entity
north position
north relation
northeast abstraction
northeast direction
northeast entity
northeast position
northeast relation
northeast abstraction
northeast direction
northeast entity
northeast position
northeast relation
northeast entity
northeast location
northeast object
northern abstraction
northern communication
northern entity
northern language
northwest abstraction
northwest direction
northwest entity
northwest position
northwest relation
northwest abstraction
northwest direction
northwest entity
northwest position
northwest relation
northwest entity
northwest location
northwest object
nose entity
nose organ
nose part
nose thing
nose artifact
nose entity
nose front
nose object
nose side
nose surface
nose whole
nose artifact
nose entity
nose front
nose object
nose side
nose surface
nose whole
nose abstraction
nose entity
nose measure
nose abstraction
nose communication
nose entity
nose signal
nose symbol
nose ability
nose abstraction
nose cognition
nose entity
nose faculty
nose sense
nose sensitivity
nose smell
nose ability
nose abstraction
nose cognition
nose entity
nose skill
nose advance
nose move
nose push
nosebleed abstraction
nosebleed attribute
nosebleed bleeding
nosebleed condition
nosebleed entity
nosebleed injury
nosebleed state
nostalgia abstraction
nostalgia attribute
nostalgia desire
nostalgia entity
nostalgia feeling
nostalgia longing
nostalgia state
nostril entity
nostril orifice
nostril part
nostril passage
nostril structure
nostril thing
notarize act
notarize attest
notarize communicate
notarize inform
notarize interact
notarize testify
notation abstraction
notation communication
notation entity
notation writing
notation abstraction
notation act
notation activity
notation entity
notation event
notation writing
notch abstraction
notch attribute
notch entity
notch indentation
notch shape
notch solid
notch abstraction
notch attribute
notch entity
notch indentation
notch shape
notch solid
notch abstraction
notch act
notch action
notch change
notch cut
notch entity
notch event
notch opening
notch cut
notch move
notch separate
notch have
notch keep
notch record
notch save
note abstraction
note communication
note entity
note evidence
note indication
note record
note abstraction
note artifact
note communication
note creation
note document
note entity
note letter
note matter
note object
note representation
note text
note whole
note writing
note abstraction
note communication
note entity
note notation
note writing
note abstraction
note communication
note entity
note tone
note abstraction
note air
note attribute
note entity
note quality
note abstraction
note comment
note communication
note entity
note message
note statement
note abstraction
note communication
note document
note entity
note express
note state
note act
note communicate
note interact
note write
notebook artifact
notebook book
notebook creation
notebook entity
notebook object
notebook product
notebook whole
notebook artifact
notebook computer
notebook device
notebook entity
notebook instrumentality
notebook machine
notebook object
notebook whole
nothing abstraction
nothing entity
nothing measure
nothingness abstraction
nothingness attribute
nothingness entity
nothingness nonexistence
nothingness state
notice abstraction
notice announcement
notice communication
notice entity
notice message
notice statement
notice abstraction
notice attention
notice cognition
notice entity
notice process
notice abstraction
notice act
notice entity
notice event
notice telling
notice abstraction
notice attention
notice cognition
notice entity
notice process
notice abstraction
notice communication
notice criticism
notice entity
notice review
notice writing
notice act
notice react
notification abstraction
notification act
notification entity
notification event
notification request
notion abstraction
notion cognition
notion concept
notion content
notion entity
notion idea
notion abstraction
notion cognition
notion content
notion entity
notion idea
notion article
notion artifact
notion entity
notion object
notion whole
notoriety abstraction
notoriety attribute
notoriety entity
notoriety infamy
notoriety standing
notoriety state
notoriety status
noun abstraction
noun entity
noun part
noun relation
noun substantive
noun word
noun abstraction
noun class
noun collection
noun entity
noun group
nourish give
nourish provide
nourish transfer
nourishment abstraction
nourishment act
nourishment activity
nourishment care
nourishment entity
nourishment event
nourishment work
nova entity
nova object
nova star
nova whole
novel abstraction
novel communication
novel entity
novel fiction
novel writing
novel artifact
novel book
novel creation
novel entity
novel object
novel product
novel whole
novelist entity
novelist object
novelist organism
novelist person
novelist whole
novelist writer
novelize change
novelize convert
novelty ability
novelty abstraction
novelty cognition
novelty entity
novelty originality
novice entity
novice object
novice organism
novice person
novice whole
now abstraction
now attribute
now entity
now present
now time
nowhere abstraction
nowhere attribute
nowhere entity
nowhere obscurity
nowhere standing
nowhere state
nowhere status
nozzle artifact
nozzle entity
nozzle object
nozzle opening
nozzle spout
nozzle whole
nuance abstraction
nuance communication
nuance entity
nuance meaning
nuance message
nucleus entity
nucleus organ
nucleus part
nucleus thing
nucleus center
nucleus entity
nucleus location
nucleus object
nucleus point
nucleus center
nucleus entity
nucleus location
nucleus object
nucleus point
nucleus entity
nucleus part
nucleus structure
nucleus thing
nude art
nude artifact
nude creation
nude entity
nude object
nude painting
nude whole
nude abstraction
nude attribute
nude condition
nude entity
nude nakedness
nude state
nude entity
nude object
nude organism
nude person
nude whole
nude abstraction
nude art
nude artifact
nude attribute
nude creation
nude entity
nude figure
nude object
nude sculpture
nude shape
nude statue
nude whole
nudge abstraction
nudge act
nudge entity
nudge event
nudge propulsion
nudge push
nudge move
nudge push
nudge act
nudge communicate
nudge interact
nudge push
nudge talk
nudge urge
nuisance abstraction
nuisance annoyance
nuisance cognition
nuisance entity
nuisance information
nuisance stimulation
numb change
number abstraction
number amount
number attribute
number entity
number magnitude
number property
number abstraction
number entity
number measure
number abstraction
number company
number entity
number gathering
number group
number abstraction
number communication
number entity
number evidence
number identification
number indication
number abstraction
number attribute
number entity
number property
number size
number abstraction
number class
number collection
number entity
number group
number artifact
number commodity
number entity
number merchandise
number object
number whole
number designate
number denote
number mean
number name
number change
number decrease
number limit
numeral abstraction
numeral communication
numeral entity
numeral signal
numeral symbol
numeration abstraction
numeration act
numeration entity
numeration event
numeration naming
numerator abstraction
numerator dividend
numerator entity
numerator measure
numerator number
numerology abstraction
numerology cognition
numerology content
numerology discipline
numerology entity
nun entity
nun object
nun organism
nun person
nun religious
nun whole
nun abstraction
nun character
nun communication
nun entity
nun letter
nun signal
nun symbol
nunnery artifact
nunnery building
nunnery convent
nunnery dwelling
nunnery entity
nunnery house
nunnery housing
nunnery object
nunnery residence
nunnery structure
nunnery whole
nurse adult
nurse entity
nurse object
nurse organism
nurse person
nurse professional
nurse whole
nurse treat
nurse care
nurse help
nurse support
nurse act
nurse interact
nurse treat
nursery area
nursery artifact
nursery bedroom
nursery entity
nursery object
nursery room
nursery structure
nursery whole
nursing abstraction
nursing act
nursing activity
nursing care
nursing entity
nursing event
nursing work
nursing abstraction
nursing body
nursing entity
nursing group
nursing profession
nursing abstraction
nursing act
nursing activity
nursing entity
nursing event
nursing feeding
nursing provision
nut entity
nut fruit
nut object
nut seed
nut whole
nut artifact
nut block
nut entity
nut object
nut whole
nut gather
nutmeg entity
nutmeg object
nutmeg organism
nutmeg plant
nutmeg tree
nutmeg whole
nutmeg entity
nutmeg food
nutmeg foodstuff
nutmeg ingredient
nutmeg matter
nutmeg spice
nutmeg substance
nutrient entity
nutrient matter
nutrient substance
nutrition entity
nutrition process
nutrition abstraction
nutrition cognition
nutrition content
nutrition discipline
nutrition entity
nutrition science
nylon abstraction
nylon chemical
nylon compound
nylon entity
nylon fiber
nylon material
nylon matter
nylon part
nylon polymer
nylon relation
nylon substance
nylon artifact
nylon entity
nylon fabric
nylon object
nylon whole
nymph abstraction
nymph belief
nymph cognition
nymph content
nymph deity
nymph entity
nymph animal
nymph entity
nymph larva
nymph object
nymph organism
nymph whole
nymph adult
nymph entity
nymph female
nymph object
nymph organism
nymph person
nymph whole
nymph woman
oak abstraction
oak entity
oak material
oak matter
oak part
oak relation
oak substance
oak wood
oak entity
oak object
oak organism
oak plant
oak tree
oak whole
oar artifact
oar entity
oar implement
oar instrumentality
oar object
oar whole
oasis entity
oasis location
oasis object
oasis region
oasis tract
oat cereal
oat entity
oat grass
oat herb
oat object
oat organism
oat plant
oat whole
oat entity
oat food
oat foodstuff
oat grain
oat matter
oat substance
oath abstraction
oath commitment
oath communication
oath entity
oath message
oath abstraction
oath act
oath commitment
oath communication
oath entity
oath event
oath message
oath promise
obedience abstraction
obedience act
obedience entity
obedience event
obedience submission
obedience abstraction
obedience attribute
obedience entity
obedience trait
obedience abstraction
obedience act
obedience duty
obedience entity
obedience event
obey adjust
obey change
obituary abstraction
obituary announcement
obituary communication
obituary entity
obituary message
obituary notice
obituary statement
object entity
object abstraction
object arrangement
object communication
object constituent
object entity
object group
object language
object sequence
object series
object string
object abstraction
object cognition
object content
object entity
object abstraction
object cognition
object content
object discipline
object engineering
object entity
object disapprove
object evaluate
object think
object be
objection abstraction
objection act
objection entity
objection event
objection abstraction
objection act
objection entity
objection event
objection procedure
objection proceeding
objective artifact
objective device
objective entity
objective instrumentality
objective lens
objective object
objective whole
objectivity abstraction
objectivity attribute
objectivity entity
objectivity judgment
objectivity trait
obligate entrust
obligate pass
obligate transfer
obligation abstraction
obligation attribute
obligation entity
obligation state
obligation abstraction
obligation entity
obligation relation
obligation relationship
obligation abstraction
obligation agreement
obligation communication
obligation document
obligation entity
obligation message
obligation statement
obligation writing
oblique abstraction
oblique case
oblique class
oblique collection
oblique entity
oblique group
oblivion abstraction
oblivion attribute
oblivion entity
oblivion obscurity
oblivion standing
oblivion state
oblivion status
oblong abstraction
oblong attribute
oblong entity
oblong figure
oblong shape
obscure hide
obscure change
obscure reduce
obscure change
obscurity abstraction
obscurity attribute
obscurity entity
obscurity standing
obscurity state
obscurity status
obscurity abstraction
obscurity attribute
obscurity dark
obscurity entity
obscurity illumination
obscurity state
observation abstraction
observation act
observation activity
observation entity
observation event
observation measurement
observation abstraction
observation act
observation activity
observation entity
observation event
observation look
observation abstraction
observation communication
observation entity
observation message
observation remark
observation statement
observation abstraction
observation cognition
observation entity
observation fact
observation information
observatory artifact
observatory building
observatory entity
observatory object
observatory structure
observatory whole
observe watch
observer entity
observer expert
observer object
observer organism
observer person
observer whole
obsession abstraction
obsession cognition
obsession content
obsession entity
obsession idea
obsessive entity
obsessive neurotic
obsessive object
obsessive organism
obsessive person
obsessive unfortunate
obsessive whole
obstacle abstraction
obstacle cognition
obstacle difficulty
obstacle entity
obstacle hindrance
obstacle artifact
obstacle entity
obstacle object
obstacle obstruction
obstacle structure
obstacle whole
obstetrician adult
obstetrician doctor
obstetrician entity
obstetrician object
obstetrician organism
obstetrician person
obstetrician professional
obstetrician specialist
obstetrician whole
obstruct prevent
obstruct impede
obstruct prevent
obstruct hide
obstruction artifact
obstruction entity
obstruction object
obstruction structure
obstruction whole
obstruction abstraction
obstruction attribute
obstruction condition
obstruction entity
obstruction state
obstruction abstraction
obstruction act
obstruction entity
obstruction event
obstruction hindrance
obstruction abstraction
obstruction act
obstruction action
obstruction change
obstruction entity
obstruction event
obstruction maneuver
obstruction motion
obtain get
obtainment abstraction
obtainment act
obtainment entity
obtainment event
occasion abstraction
occasion entity
occasion motivation
occasion reason
occasion abstraction
occasion entity
occasion measure
occasion moment
occasion point
occasion time
occasion abstraction
occasion attribute
occasion being
occasion entity
occasion opportunity
occasion possibility
occasion state
occasion cause
occasion make
occult abstraction
occult act
occult activity
occult entity
occult event
occult practice
occult change
occult conceal
occultism abstraction
occultism cognition
occultism content
occultism discipline
occultism entity
occultism abstraction
occultism belief
occultism cognition
occultism content
occultism entity
occupancy abstraction
occupancy act
occupancy entity
occupancy event
occupancy residency
occupation abstraction
occupation act
occupation activity
occupation entity
occupation event
occupation abstraction
occupation act
occupation entity
occupation event
occupation abstraction
occupation act
occupation activity
occupation entity
occupation event
occupation abstraction
occupation act
occupation entity
occupation event
occupation abstraction
occupation entity
occupation measure
occupy be
occupy populate
occupy be
occur become
occur appear
occurrence abstraction
occurrence attribute
occurrence being
occurrence entity
occurrence presence
occurrence state
ocean entity
ocean thing
ocean abstraction
ocean entity
ocean measure
oceanic abstraction
oceanic communication
oceanic entity
oceanic language
oceanographer entity
oceanographer object
oceanographer organism
oceanographer person
oceanographer scientist
oceanographer whole
oceanography abstraction
oceanography cognition
oceanography content
oceanography discipline
oceanography entity
oceanography science
octane abstraction
octane chemical
octane compound
octane entity
octane hydrocarbon
octane material
octane matter
octane part
octane relation
octane substance
octave abstraction
octave entity
octave festival
octave measure
octave abstraction
octave communication
octave entity
octave interval
octave notation
octave writing
octave abstraction
octave communication
octave entity
octave matter
octave stanza
octave text
octave writing
octopus entity
octopus food
octopus matter
octopus seafood
octopus solid
octopus animal
octopus entity
octopus invertebrate
octopus object
octopus organism
octopus whole
odds abstraction
odds attribute
odds entity
odds likelihood
odds probability
odds quality
odds abstraction
odds entity
odds ratio
odds relation
ode abstraction
ode communication
ode entity
ode lyric
ode poem
ode writing
odyssey abstraction
odyssey act
odyssey action
odyssey change
odyssey entity
odyssey event
odyssey journey
odyssey motion
odyssey travel
offense abstraction
offense entity
offense group
offense organization
offense team
offense unit
offense abstraction
offense act
offense activity
offense entity
offense event
offense operation
offer abstraction
offer act
offer entity
offer event
offer abstraction
offer communication
offer entity
offer message
offer give
offer supply
offer transfer
offer give
offer transfer
offer plan
offer project
offer think
offer act
offer communicate
offer give
offer interact
offer market
offer trade
offer produce
offer attend
offer be
offer worship
offer act
offer communicate
offer inform
offer interact
offer threaten
offer warn
offering abstraction
offering acquisition
offering contribution
offering entity
offering gift
offering possession
offering relation
office artifact
office entity
office establishment
office object
office structure
office whole
office abstraction
office attribute
office entity
office state
office abstraction
office entity
office force
office group
office organization
office staff
office abstraction
office act
office activity
office ceremony
office entity
office event
office rite
officer entity
officer mariner
officer object
officer organism
officer person
officer sailor
officer whole
officer worker
officer command
officer control
officer dominate
official entity
official object
official organism
official person
official whole
official worker
official entity
official object
official organism
official person
official whole
officiate act
officiate perform
officiate serve
officiate work
offload move
offload transfer
offset abstraction
offset communication
offset entity
offset printing
offset writing
offset adjust
offset balance
offset change
offset match
offset move
offset transfer
offset make
offset change
offset mark
offset print
offset trace
offset write
offside abstraction
offside act
offside entity
offside event
offside mistake
offspring entity
offspring object
offspring organism
offspring person
offspring relative
offspring whole
offspring consequence
offspring entity
offspring phenomenon
offspring process
ogre ability
ogre abstraction
ogre cognition
ogre creativity
ogre entity
ogre giant
ogre imagination
ohm abstraction
ohm entity
ohm measure
oil abstraction
oil chemical
oil compound
oil entity
oil lipid
oil material
oil matter
oil molecule
oil part
oil relation
oil substance
oil thing
oil unit
oil abstraction
oil artifact
oil coating
oil covering
oil entity
oil material
oil matter
oil object
oil paint
oil part
oil relation
oil substance
oil whole
oil cover
oilman businessman
oilman businessperson
oilman capitalist
oilman entity
oilman object
oilman organism
oilman person
oilman whole
oilman entity
oilman object
oilman organism
oilman person
oilman whole
oilman worker
ointment agent
ointment drug
ointment entity
ointment matter
ointment medicine
ointment remedy
ointment substance
old abstraction
old attribute
old entity
old past
old time
olive entity
olive fruit
olive object
olive whole
olive entity
olive object
olive organism
olive plant
olive tree
olive whole
olive abstraction
olive entity
olive material
olive matter
olive part
olive relation
olive substance
olive wood
olive condiment
olive entity
olive food
olive foodstuff
olive fruit
olive ingredient
olive matter
olive object
olive relish
olive substance
olive whole
olive abstraction
olive attribute
olive color
olive entity
olive property
omega abstraction
omega ending
omega entity
omega event
omega happening
omega abstraction
omega character
omega communication
omega entity
omega letter
omega signal
omega symbol
omelet dish
omelet entity
omelet food
omelet matter
omelet substance
omen abstraction
omen entity
omen event
omen experience
omen happening
oncology abstraction
oncology cognition
oncology content
oncology discipline
oncology entity
oncology medicine
oncology science
one abstraction
one digit
one entity
one integer
one measure
one number
one abstraction
one cognition
one concept
one content
one entity
one idea
one unit
one whole
oneness abstraction
oneness attribute
oneness entity
oneness identity
oneness quality
oneness sameness
onion bulb
onion entity
onion object
onion stalk
onion whole
onion entity
onion object
onion organism
onion plant
onion whole
onion entity
onion food
onion matter
onion produce
onion solid
onion vegetable
onlooker entity
onlooker object
onlooker organism
onlooker person
onlooker spectator
onlooker whole
onset abstraction
onset beginning
onset entity
onset event
onset happening
onset start
onslaught abstraction
onslaught entity
onslaught event
onslaught happening
onslaught trouble
opacity entity
opacity phenomenon
opacity process
opacity abstraction
opacity attribute
opacity entity
opacity quality
opacity abstraction
opacity attribute
opacity entity
opacity quality
open area
open entity
open location
open object
open region
open abstraction
open contest
open entity
open event
open tournament
open abstraction
open cognition
open entity
open change
open begin
open start
open give
open supply
open transfer
open yield
open arise
open happen
open move
open expose
open show
opener abstraction
opener beginning
opener entity
opener event
opener happening
opener start
opener artifact
opener entity
opener implement
opener instrumentality
opener object
opener tool
opener whole
opening abstraction
opening attribute
opening entity
opening location
opening object
opening shape
opening space
opening abstraction
opening affair
opening ceremony
opening entity
opening event
opening abstraction
opening act
opening action
opening change
opening entity
opening event
opening abstraction
opening beginning
opening entity
opening event
opening happening
opening start
opening abstraction
opening act
opening action
opening change
opening entity
opening event
opening motion
opening abstraction
opening attribute
opening being
opening entity
opening opportunity
opening possibility
opening state
opening abstraction
opening communication
opening entity
opening introduction
opening music
opening section
opening writing
opening artifact
opening entity
opening object
opening whole
opening abstraction
opening act
opening activity
opening entity
opening event
opening order
opening organization
opening succession
openness abstraction
openness entity
openness placement
openness position
openness relation
openness spacing
openness abstraction
openness attribute
openness entity
openness nature
openness sociability
openness sociality
openness trait
opera abstraction
opera communication
opera entity
opera music
opera artifact
opera building
opera entity
opera object
opera structure
opera theater
opera whole
operate control
operate direct
operate manage
operate handle
operate manipulate
operate touch
operate happen
operation abstraction
operation action
operation attribute
operation entity
operation state
operation abstraction
operation act
operation activity
operation enterprise
operation entity
operation event
operation undertaking
operation work
operation abstraction
operation act
operation activity
operation entity
operation event
operation entity
operation processing
operation process
operation abstraction
operation act
operation activity
operation entity
operation event
operation abstraction
operation act
operation activity
operation entity
operation event
operation procedure
operation abstraction
operation act
operation activity
operation entity
operation event
operation work
operation entity
operation process
operation abstraction
operation act
operation activity
operation entity
operation event
operator abstraction
operator entity
operator function
operator relation
operator entity
operator businessman
operator businessperson
operator capitalist
operator entity
operator object
operator organism
operator person
operator whole
operator adventurer
operator entity
operator gambler
operator object
operator organism
operator person
operator speculator
operator whole
opinion abstraction
opinion belief
opinion cognition
opinion content
opinion entity
opinion abstraction
opinion communication
opinion entity
opinion message
opinion abstraction
opinion communication
opinion document
opinion entity
opinion writing
opinion abstraction
opinion act
opinion entity
opinion event
opinion judgment
opium agent
opium drug
opium entity
opium matter
opium narcotic
opium substance
opportunism abstraction
opportunism attribute
opportunism entity
opportunism selfishness
opportunism stinginess
opportunism trait
opportunist entity
opportunist object
opportunist organism
opportunist person
opportunist whole
opportunity abstraction
opportunity attribute
opportunity being
opportunity entity
opportunity possibility
opportunity state
oppose act
oppose argue
oppose communicate
oppose converse
oppose interact
oppose talk
oppose contrast
oppose differ
oppose evaluate
oppose refute
oppose reject
oppose think
opposition abstraction
opposition entity
opposition relation
opposition contestant
opposition entity
opposition object
opposition organism
opposition person
opposition whole
opposition abstraction
opposition body
opposition entity
opposition group
opposition abstraction
opposition direction
opposition entity
opposition position
opposition relation
opposition abstraction
opposition entity
opposition group
opposition organization
opposition party
oppression abstraction
oppression act
oppression activity
oppression entity
oppression event
oppression maltreatment
oppression persecution
oppression practice
oppression abstraction
oppression attribute
oppression entity
oppression relationship
oppression state
oppression subjugation
oppression abstraction
oppression attribute
oppression depression
oppression entity
oppression feeling
oppression sadness
oppression state
optics abstraction
optics cognition
optics content
optics discipline
optics entity
optics physics
optics science
optics abstraction
optics attribute
optics entity
optics property
optimism abstraction
optimism attribute
optimism entity
optimism feeling
optimism hope
optimism state
optimism abstraction
optimism attribute
optimism disposition
optimism entity
optimism nature
optimism trait
optimum abstraction
optimum attribute
optimum entity
optimum good
optimum quality
option abstraction
option communication
option document
option entity
option writing
option abstraction
option cognition
option entity
option process
optometrist entity
optometrist expert
optometrist object
optometrist organism
optometrist person
optometrist specialist
optometrist whole
oracle abstraction
oracle communication
oracle entity
oracle message
oracle prediction
oracle prophecy
oracle statement
oracle artifact
oracle building
oracle entity
oracle object
oracle shrine
oracle structure
oracle whole
oral abstraction
oral act
oral communication
oral entity
oral event
oral examination
orange citrus
orange entity
orange food
orange fruit
orange matter
orange object
orange produce
orange solid
orange whole
orange abstraction
orange attribute
orange color
orange entity
orange property
orange citrus
orange entity
orange object
orange organism
orange plant
orange tree
orange whole
orange abstraction
orange entity
orange material
orange matter
orange part
orange pigment
orange relation
orange substance
orangutan animal
orangutan ape
orangutan entity
orangutan mammal
orangutan object
orangutan organism
orangutan primate
orangutan vertebrate
orangutan whole
orator entity
orator object
orator organism
orator person
orator speaker
orator whole
oratory abstraction
oratory act
oratory address
oratory entity
oratory event
orbit entity
orbit line
orbit location
orbit object
orbit path
orbit entity
orbit line
orbit location
orbit object
orbit path
orchestra abstraction
orchestra entity
orchestra group
orchestra organization
orchestra abstraction
orchestra entity
orchestra position
orchestra relation
orchestra room
orchestra seating
orchestrate compose
orchestrate make
orchestrate score
orchid entity
orchid flower
orchid object
orchid organism
orchid plant
orchid whole
ordain declare
ordain decree
ordain express
ordain state
ordain install
ordain invest
ordain install
ordain invest
ordain declare
ordain decree
ordain express
ordain state
ordeal abstraction
ordeal entity
ordeal event
ordeal experience
ordeal happening
ordeal abstraction
ordeal act
ordeal entity
ordeal event
ordeal proceeding
ordeal trial
order abstraction
order act
order command
order entity
order event
order abstraction
order attribute
order entity
order magnitude
order property
order abstraction
order attribute
order entity
order state
order abstraction
order communication
order document
order entity
order writing
order abstraction
order communication
order direction
order entity
order message
order rule
order abstraction
order entity
order group
order institution
order organization
order religion
order sect
order abstraction
order entity
order group
order abstraction
order act
order entity
order event
order request
order abstraction
order attribute
order entity
order manner
order property
order abstraction
order act
order activity
order entity
order event
order organization
order ask
order communicate
order convey
order move
order request
order transfer
order communicate
order convey
order move
order request
order transfer
order act
order communicate
order inflict
order interact
order arrange
order move
order put
order arrange
order move
order put
orderliness abstraction
orderliness attribute
orderliness entity
orderliness quality
orderliness regularity
orderliness abstraction
orderliness attribute
orderliness condition
orderliness entity
orderliness state
orderly assistant
orderly attendant
orderly entity
orderly object
orderly organism
orderly person
orderly serviceman
orderly soldier
orderly whole
orderly worker
orderly assistant
orderly attendant
orderly entity
orderly object
orderly organism
orderly person
orderly whole
orderly worker
ordinance abstraction
ordinance act
ordinance communication
ordinance document
ordinance entity
ordinance writing
ordinary entity
ordinary judge
ordinary object
ordinary official
ordinary organism
ordinary person
ordinary whole
ordinary worker
ordinary abstraction
ordinary attribute
ordinary condition
ordinary entity
ordinary state
ordinary clergyman
ordinary entity
ordinary leader
ordinary object
ordinary organism
ordinary person
ordinary whole
ordinary artifact
ordinary bicycle
ordinary container
ordinary conveyance
ordinary entity
ordinary instrumentality
ordinary object
ordinary vehicle
ordinary whole
ordinary artifact
ordinary charge
ordinary decoration
ordinary design
ordinary emblem
ordinary entity
ordinary object
ordinary whole
ordination abstraction
ordination attribute
ordination entity
ordination state
ordination status
ordination abstraction
ordination act
ordination action
ordination appointment
ordination choice
ordination decision
ordination entity
ordination event
ore abstraction
ore entity
ore material
ore matter
ore mineral
ore part
ore relation
ore substance
ore abstraction
ore entity
ore measure
organ entity
organ part
organ thing
organ abstraction
organ agency
organ entity
organ group
organ organization
organ unit
organ artifact
organ creation
organ entity
organ object
organ periodical
organ product
organ publication
organ whole
organ work
organ artifact
organ device
organ entity
organ instrumentality
organ object
organ whole
organic abstraction
organic chemical
organic entity
organic fertilizer
organic material
organic matter
organic part
organic relation
organic substance
organism entity
organism object
organism whole
organism abstraction
organism entity
organism group
organism system
organist entertainer
organist entity
organist musician
organist object
organist organism
organist performer
organist person
organist whole
organization abstraction
organization entity
organization group
organization abstraction
organization act
organization administration
organization entity
organization event
organization management
organization abstraction
organization attribute
organization entity
organization orderliness
organization quality
organization regularity
organization abstraction
organization act
organization activity
organization entity
organization event
organize control
organize manage
organize arrange
organize move
organize put
organize cause
organize initiate
organize make
organizer entity
organizer intellectual
organizer object
organizer organism
organizer person
organizer thinker
organizer whole
organizer entity
organizer negotiator
organizer object
organizer organism
organizer person
organizer representative
organizer whole
orgasm abstraction
orgasm act
orgasm action
orgasm change
orgasm completion
orgasm entity
orgasm event
orgasm termination
orient be
orient lie
orient decide
orient move
orient position
orient put
orient act
orient communicate
orient familiarize
orient inform
orient interact
oriental entity
oriental inhabitant
oriental object
oriental organism
oriental person
oriental whole
orientation abstraction
orientation act
orientation activity
orientation entity
orientation event
orientation placement
orientation abstraction
orientation attitude
orientation cognition
orientation entity
orientation abstraction
orientation direction
orientation entity
orientation position
orientation relation
orientation abstraction
orientation awareness
orientation cognition
orientation entity
orientation knowing
orientation process
orifice entity
orifice part
orifice passage
orifice structure
orifice thing
origami abstraction
origami act
origami activity
origami art
origami creation
origami entity
origami event
origin abstraction
origin ancestry
origin attribute
origin entity
origin heredity
origin inheritance
origin property
origin abstraction
origin beginning
origin entity
origin event
origin happening
origin abstraction
origin entity
origin intersection
origin set
origin entity
origin process
origin source
original abstraction
original cognition
original content
original entity
original model
original representation
originality ability
originality abstraction
originality cognition
originality entity
originality abstraction
originality attribute
originality entity
originality quality
originate become
originate make
originate begin
originator creator
originator entity
originator object
originator organism
originator person
originator whole
ornament be
ornament deck
ornamental entity
ornamental object
ornamental organism
ornamental plant
ornamental whole
ornamentation abstraction
ornamentation attribute
ornamentation entity
ornamentation state
ornamentation abstraction
ornamentation act
ornamentation action
ornamentation change
ornamentation decoration
ornamentation entity
ornamentation event
ornithology abstraction
ornithology biology
ornithology cognition
ornithology content
ornithology discipline
ornithology entity
ornithology science
ornithology zoology
orphan child
orphan entity
orphan juvenile
orphan object
orphan organism
orphan person
orphan whole
orphan entity
orphan object
orphan organism
orphan person
orphan whole
orphan abstraction
orphan communication
orphan entity
orphan line
orphan matter
orphan text
orphan writing
orphan animal
orphan entity
orphan object
orphan organism
orphan whole
orphan young
orphan deprive
orphan take
orphanage abstraction
orphanage attribute
orphanage condition
orphanage entity
orphanage state
orphanage artifact
orphanage entity
orphanage establishment
orphanage institution
orphanage object
orphanage structure
orphanage whole
orthodontics abstraction
orthodontics cognition
orthodontics content
orthodontics dentistry
orthodontics discipline
orthodontics entity
orthodontics medicine
orthodontics science
orthography abstraction
orthography communication
orthography entity
orthography writing
oscillator artifact
oscillator device
oscillator entity
oscillator generator
oscillator instrumentality
oscillator object
oscillator whole
oscilloscope artifact
oscilloscope entity
oscilloscope equipment
oscilloscope instrumentality
oscilloscope object
oscilloscope whole
osmosis diffusion
osmosis entity
osmosis process
osteoarthritis abstraction
osteoarthritis arthritis
osteoarthritis attribute
osteoarthritis condition
osteoarthritis disease
osteoarthritis entity
osteoarthritis illness
osteoarthritis state
osteoporosis abstraction
osteoporosis attribute
osteoporosis condition
osteoporosis entity
osteoporosis pathology
osteoporosis state
ostrich entity
ostrich object
ostrich organism
ostrich person
ostrich whole
ostrich animal
ostrich bird
ostrich entity
ostrich object
ostrich organism
ostrich vertebrate
ostrich whole
otherworld abstraction
otherworld entity
otter abstraction
otter entity
otter fur
otter material
otter matter
otter part
otter relation
otter substance
otter animal
otter carnivore
otter entity
otter mammal
otter object
otter organism
otter vertebrate
otter whole
ottoman entity
ottoman inhabitant
ottoman object
ottoman organism
ottoman person
ottoman whole
ottoman abstraction
ottoman dynasty
ottoman entity
ottoman family
ottoman genealogy
ottoman group
ottoman kin
ottoman lineage
ottoman artifact
ottoman entity
ottoman furnishing
ottoman furniture
ottoman instrumentality
ottoman object
ottoman seat
ottoman whole
ounce abstraction
ounce entity
ounce measure
ounce abstraction
ounce entity
ounce measure
oust remove
oust succeed
out abstraction
out act
out entity
out event
out failure
out act
out communicate
out inform
out interact
out tell
outage abstraction
outage entity
outage measure
outage abstraction
outage breakdown
outage entity
outage event
outage failure
outage happening
outback bush
outback entity
outback location
outback object
outback region
outback wilderness
outbreak abstraction
outbreak entity
outbreak event
outbreak happening
outburst abstraction
outburst entity
outburst event
outburst happening
outburst abstraction
outburst act
outburst action
outburst change
outburst disturbance
outburst entity
outburst event
outburst motion
outcast entity
outcast object
outcast organism
outcast person
outcast unfortunate
outcast whole
outdo beat
outdoors entity
outdoors location
outdoors object
outdoors outside
outdoors region
outfield entity
outfield location
outfield object
outfield region
outfield tract
outfielder athlete
outfielder contestant
outfielder entity
outfielder fielder
outfielder object
outfielder organism
outfielder person
outfielder player
outfielder whole
outfielder athlete
outfielder contestant
outfielder entity
outfielder fielder
outfielder object
outfielder organism
outfielder person
outfielder whole
outfit abstraction
outfit entity
outfit group
outfit organization
outfit unit
outfit artifact
outfit attire
outfit clothing
outfit commodity
outfit covering
outfit entity
outfit object
outfit whole
outflow entity
outflow flow
outflow process
outgrow change
outgrow develop
outgrow beat
outgrow surpass
outgrowth consequence
outgrowth entity
outgrowth phenomenon
outgrowth process
outlaw ask
outlaw command
outlaw communicate
outlaw convey
outlaw forbid
outlaw move
outlaw order
outlaw request
outlaw transfer
outline boundary
outline entity
outline extremity
outline location
outline object
outline region
outline abstraction
outline communication
outline entity
outline message
outline statement
outline summary
outline abstraction
outline cognition
outline content
outline entity
outline idea
outline plan
outnumber be
outnumber total
outpost artifact
outpost entity
outpost facility
outpost object
outpost whole
output abstraction
output act
output commerce
output entity
output event
output industry
output production
output transaction
output abstraction
output entity
output measure
output artifact
output creation
output entity
output object
output product
output whole
output produce
outrage abstraction
outrage act
outrage activity
outrage atrocity
outrage cruelty
outrage entity
outrage event
outrage maltreatment
outrage practice
outreach abstraction
outreach act
outreach action
outreach change
outreach entity
outreach event
outreach motion
outreach reach
outshine shine
outshine beat
outshine surpass
outside entity
outside location
outside object
outside region
outside boundary
outside entity
outside extremity
outside location
outside object
outside region
outside surface
outsider contestant
outsider entity
outsider object
outsider organism
outsider person
outsider whole
outskirt district
outskirt entity
outskirt location
outskirt object
outskirt region
outskirts area
outskirts entity
outskirts location
outskirts object
outskirts region
outskirts section
outweigh beat
outweigh surpass
ovary entity
ovary object
ovary whole
ovary entity
ovary gland
ovary organ
ovary part
ovary thing
oven appliance
oven artifact
oven commodity
oven entity
oven object
oven whole
over abstraction
over cognition
over concept
over content
over entity
over idea
over part
overall artifact
overall clothing
overall commodity
overall covering
overall entity
overall object
overall whole
overall artifact
overall clothing
overall commodity
overall covering
overall entity
overall object
overall whole
overcoat artifact
overcoat coating
overcoat covering
overcoat entity
overcoat object
overcoat whole
overcome beat
overdose drug
overdose medicate
overdose treat
overflow abstraction
overflow entity
overflow event
overflow flow
overflow happening
overflow movement
overflow move
overflow run
overflow spill
overhead artifact
overhead ceiling
overhead entity
overhead object
overhead side
overhead surface
overhead whole
overhead abstraction
overhead act
overhead action
overhead change
overhead entity
overhead event
overhead maneuver
overhead motion
overhead return
overhead stroke
overheat change
overheat heat
overheat change
overheat heat
overlap abstraction
overlap cognition
overlap content
overlap entity
overlap representation
overlap abstraction
overlap attribute
overlap concurrence
overlap entity
overlap property
overlap timing
overlap coexist
overlap coincide
overlap exist
overlap be
overlap cover
overlay artifact
overlay decoration
overlay entity
overlay layer
overlay object
overlay whole
overload artifact
overload entity
overload load
overload object
overload weight
overload whole
overload artifact
overload entity
overload load
overload object
overload weight
overload whole
overload change
overload fill
overload load
overlook entity
overlook location
overlook object
overlook point
overlook miss
overlook examine
overlook survey
overlord entity
overlord object
overlord organism
overlord person
overlord ruler
overlord whole
overpopulate be
overpopulate populate
overpower beat
overpressure entity
overpressure phenomenon
overpressure pressure
overpressure process
overrule decide
overrule rule
overrun intend
overrun plan
oversee administer
oversee control
oversee manage
overseer entity
overseer leader
overseer object
overseer organism
overseer person
overseer superior
overseer supervisor
overseer whole
overthrow abstraction
overthrow act
overthrow action
overthrow change
overthrow entity
overthrow event
overthrow termination
overthrow depose
overthrow oust
overthrow remove
overturn abstraction
overturn accomplishment
overturn act
overturn action
overturn attainment
overturn entity
overturn event
overturn success
overturn move
overturn turn
overturn move
overview abstraction
overview communication
overview entity
overview message
overview statement
overview summary
overwhelm arouse
overwhelm make
overwhelm ask
overwhelm charge
overwhelm command
overwhelm communicate
overwhelm convey
overwhelm move
overwhelm order
overwhelm request
overwhelm transfer
overwork abstraction
overwork act
overwork activity
overwork entity
overwork event
overwork labor
overwork work
overwork change
overwork transform
overwork work
overwork use
overwork work
overwrite have
overwrite keep
overwrite record
overwrite save
overwrite write
ovulation entity
ovulation process
ovum cell
ovum entity
ovum object
ovum whole
owe be
owl animal
owl bird
owl entity
owl object
owl organism
owl vertebrate
owl whole
owner businessman
owner businessperson
owner capitalist
owner entity
owner object
owner organism
owner person
owner whole
owner entity
owner object
owner organism
owner person
owner whole
ownership abstraction
ownership entity
ownership relation
ownership abstraction
ownership attribute
ownership entity
ownership state
ox animal
ox bovine
ox cattle
ox entity
ox mammal
ox object
ox organism
ox vertebrate
ox whole
ox animal
ox bovine
ox entity
ox mammal
ox object
ox organism
ox vertebrate
ox whole
oxford artifact
oxford covering
oxford entity
oxford footwear
oxford object
oxford shoe
oxford whole
oxidant agent
oxidant entity
oxidant matter
oxidant substance
oxidation entity
oxidation process
oxide abstraction
oxide chemical
oxide compound
oxide entity
oxide material
oxide matter
oxide part
oxide relation
oxide substance
oxidize change
oxygen abstraction
oxygen entity
oxygen fluid
oxygen gas
oxygen matter
oxygen part
oxygen relation
oxygen substance
oyster animal
oyster entity
oyster invertebrate
oyster object
oyster organism
oyster whole
oyster abstraction
oyster entity
oyster helping
oyster measure
oyster gather
ozone entity
ozone fluid
ozone gas
ozone matter
pace abstraction
pace entity
pace rate
pace relation
pace abstraction
pace attribute
pace entity
pace property
pace abstraction
pace act
pace action
pace change
pace entity
pace event
pace locomotion
pace motion
pace step
pace travel
pace walk
pace travel
pace act
pace carry
pace communicate
pace interact
pace cause
pace determine
pace make
pacifier entity
pacifier thing
pacifism abstraction
pacifism belief
pacifism cognition
pacifism content
pacifism doctrine
pacifism entity
pacifism abstraction
pacifism belief
pacifism cognition
pacifism content
pacifism entity
pacify calm
pacify comfort
pacify establish
pacify make
pack abstraction
pack collection
pack entity
pack group
pack artifact
pack container
pack entity
pack instrumentality
pack object
pack package
pack whole
pack abstraction
pack entity
pack group
pack artifact
pack corrective
pack device
pack entity
pack instrumentality
pack object
pack whole
pack artifact
pack corrective
pack device
pack entity
pack instrumentality
pack object
pack whole
pack artifact
pack bundle
pack container
pack entity
pack instrumentality
pack object
pack package
pack whole
pack enclose
pack surround
pack touch
pack change
pack fill
pack arrange
pack move
pack put
pack move
pack transport
pack appoint
pack cause
pack establish
pack initiate
pack make
pack close
pack seal
pack change
pack fill
pack load
pack treat
package abstraction
package collection
package entity
package group
package artifact
package container
package entity
package instrumentality
package object
package whole
packaging abstraction
packaging act
packaging commerce
packaging entity
packaging event
packaging transaction
packaging artifact
packaging entity
packaging equipment
packaging instrumentality
packaging material
packaging object
packaging whole
packet abstraction
packet communication
packet entity
packet message
packet artifact
packet container
packet entity
packet instrumentality
packet object
packet package
packet whole
pad abstraction
pad entity
pad material
pad matter
pad paper
pad part
pad relation
pad substance
pad entity
pad leaf
pad object
pad whole
pad artifact
pad block
pad entity
pad object
pad whole
pad artifact
pad entity
pad object
pad whole
pad entity
pad part
pad structure
pad thing
pad cram
pad move
pad put
pad stuff
pad change
pad fill
paddle artifact
paddle bat
paddle club
paddle entity
paddle implement
paddle instrumentality
paddle object
paddle stick
paddle whole
paddle artifact
paddle blade
paddle device
paddle entity
paddle instrumentality
paddle mechanism
paddle object
paddle whole
paddle artifact
paddle device
paddle entity
paddle instrumentality
paddle instrument
paddle object
paddle whole
paddle artifact
paddle entity
paddle implement
paddle instrumentality
paddle oar
paddle object
paddle whole
paddle boat
paddle ride
paddle travel
paddle swim
paddle travel
paddle move
paddle stir
padlock artifact
padlock device
padlock entity
padlock fastener
padlock instrumentality
padlock lock
padlock object
padlock restraint
padlock whole
padlock attach
padlock connect
padlock fasten
padlock lock
pagan entity
pagan object
pagan organism
pagan person
pagan whole
paganism abstraction
paganism attribute
paganism belief
paganism cognition
paganism content
paganism entity
paganism good
paganism morality
paganism quality
paganism religion
paganism virtue
page abstraction
page entity
page leaf
page material
page matter
page paper
page part
page relation
page sheet
page substance
page entity
page messenger
page object
page organism
page person
page traveler
page whole
page assistant
page attendant
page entity
page object
page organism
page person
page whole
page worker
page assistant
page attendant
page entity
page object
page organism
page person
page whole
page worker
page ask
page call
page communicate
page convey
page move
page order
page request
page summon
page transfer
page work
pageant abstraction
pageant act
pageant activity
pageant entity
pageant event
pageant representation
pageant abstraction
pageant affair
pageant ceremony
pageant entity
pageant event
paging abstraction
paging communication
paging entity
paging utterance
pagoda artifact
pagoda building
pagoda entity
pagoda object
pagoda structure
pagoda temple
pagoda whole
pail abstraction
pail entity
pail measure
pain abstraction
pain cognition
pain entity
pain evidence
pain information
pain symptom
pain abstraction
pain attribute
pain entity
pain feeling
pain state
pain abstraction
pain cognition
pain entity
pain perception
pain process
pain entity
pain object
pain organism
pain person
pain whole
pain arouse
pain make
pain upset
paint abstraction
paint artifact
paint coating
paint covering
paint entity
paint material
paint matter
paint object
paint part
paint relation
paint substance
paint whole
paint act
paint create
paint coat
paint cover
paint make
paint represent
paint cover
paintbrush artifact
paintbrush brush
paintbrush device
paintbrush entity
paintbrush implement
paintbrush instrumentality
paintbrush object
paintbrush whole
painter artist
painter creator
painter entity
painter object
painter organism
painter person
painter whole
painter entity
painter object
painter organism
painter person
painter whole
painter worker
painter artifact
painter entity
painter line
painter object
painter whole
painting art
painting artifact
painting creation
painting entity
painting object
painting whole
painting abstraction
painting act
painting activity
painting art
painting cognition
painting content
painting creation
painting discipline
painting entity
painting event
painting abstraction
painting act
painting activity
painting application
painting entity
painting event
painting labor
painting work
painting abstraction
painting act
painting activity
painting entity
painting event
painting occupation
painting trade
pair abstraction
pair collection
pair entity
pair group
pair set
pair abstraction
pair entity
pair gathering
pair group
pair abstraction
pair collection
pair entity
pair group
pair hand
pair join
pair unite
pair appear
pair occur
pair arrange
pair move
pair put
pal act
pal befriend
pal bind
pal interact
pal relate
palace artifact
palace building
palace dwelling
palace entity
palace house
palace housing
palace mansion
palace object
palace structure
palace whole
palace abstraction
palace entity
palace government
palace group
palace organization
palace area
palace artifact
palace entity
palace hall
palace object
palace room
palace structure
palace whole
palace artifact
palace building
palace dwelling
palace entity
palace house
palace housing
palace object
palace residence
palace structure
palace whole
palate boundary
palate entity
palate extremity
palate location
palate object
palate region
palate surface
pale change
paleontologist entity
paleontologist object
paleontologist organism
paleontologist person
paleontologist scientist
paleontologist whole
paleontology abstraction
paleontology cognition
paleontology content
paleontology discipline
paleontology entity
paleontology science
palette abstraction
palette attribute
palette entity
palette extent
palette magnitude
palette property
palette scope
palette artifact
palette board
palette entity
palette object
palette sheet
palette whole
pallet artifact
pallet entity
pallet object
pallet platform
pallet surface
pallet whole
pallet artifact
pallet entity
pallet implement
pallet instrumentality
pallet object
pallet tool
pallet whole
pallet artifact
pallet entity
pallet mattress
pallet object
pallet pad
pallet whole
palm area
palm entity
palm part
palm thing
palm abstraction
palm entity
palm measure
palm entity
palm object
palm organism
palm plant
palm tree
palm whole
palpitation abstraction
palpitation cognition
palpitation entity
palpitation evidence
palpitation information
palpitation symptom
palsy abstraction
palsy cognition
palsy entity
palsy evidence
palsy information
palsy symptom
palsy change
palsy decrease
palsy limit
palsy restrict
pan artifact
pan entity
pan implement
pan instrumentality
pan object
pan utensil
pan whole
pan artifact
pan container
pan entity
pan instrumentality
pan object
pan whole
pan abstraction
pan entity
pan genus
pan group
pan travel
pan change
pan separate
pan wash
pan comment
pan disparage
pan express
pan knock
pan note
pan state
pancake cake
pancake entity
pancake food
pancake matter
pancake solid
pancreas entity
pancreas gland
pancreas organ
pancreas part
pancreas thing
pandemic abstraction
pandemic entity
pandemic epidemic
pandemic event
pandemic happening
pandemic outbreak
pane artifact
pane entity
pane object
pane sheet
pane whole
panel artifact
panel entity
panel object
panel sheet
panel whole
panel abstraction
panel body
panel entity
panel group
panel abstraction
panel body
panel entity
panel group
panel artifact
panel entity
panel object
panel pad
panel whole
panel change
panel decorate
pang abstraction
pang attribute
pang entity
pang feeling
pang state
pang abstraction
pang cognition
pang entity
pang evidence
pang information
pang pain
pang symptom
pang abstraction
pang cognition
pang entity
pang evidence
pang information
pang pain
pang symptom
panic abstraction
panic attribute
panic emotion
panic entity
panic fear
panic feeling
panic state
panic abstraction
panic anxiety
panic attribute
panic condition
panic entity
panic state
panic fear
panic arouse
panic frighten
panic make
panic stimulate
panic terrify
panorama artifact
panorama creation
panorama entity
panorama object
panorama picture
panorama representation
panorama whole
pant abstraction
pant entity
pant event
pant happening
pant noise
pant sound
pant blow
pant breathe
pant utter
panther animal
panther carnivore
panther entity
panther feline
panther leopard
panther mammal
panther object
panther organism
panther vertebrate
panther whole
papaya entity
papaya object
papaya organism
papaya plant
papaya tree
papaya whole
papaya entity
papaya food
papaya fruit
papaya matter
papaya object
papaya produce
papaya solid
papaya whole
paper abstraction
paper entity
paper material
paper matter
paper part
paper relation
paper substance
paper artifact
paper entity
paper instrumentality
paper medium
paper object
paper whole
paper abstraction
paper article
paper artifact
paper communication
paper creation
paper entity
paper nonfiction
paper object
paper piece
paper whole
paper cover
paperboard abstraction
paperboard cardboard
paperboard entity
paperboard material
paperboard matter
paperboard paper
paperboard part
paperboard relation
paperboard substance
papyrus abstraction
papyrus entity
papyrus material
papyrus matter
papyrus paper
papyrus part
papyrus relation
papyrus substance
papyrus entity
papyrus object
papyrus organism
papyrus plant
papyrus whole
papyrus abstraction
papyrus communication
papyrus document
papyrus entity
papyrus writing
par abstraction
par entity
par measure
par number
par score
par gain
par score
parable abstraction
parable communication
parable entity
parable fiction
parable story
parable writing
parabola abstraction
parabola attribute
parabola entity
parabola figure
parabola shape
parade abstraction
parade act
parade collection
parade entity
parade event
parade group
parade procession
parade abstraction
parade arrangement
parade entity
parade group
parade series
parade succession
parade abstraction
parade act
parade activity
parade display
parade diversion
parade entertainment
parade entity
parade event
parade show
parade compel
parade induce
parade walk
parade march
parade travel
parade walk
paradigm abstraction
paradigm entity
paradigm inflection
paradigm relation
paradigm abstraction
paradigm attitude
paradigm cognition
paradigm entity
paradigm orientation
paradigm position
paradise ability
paradise abstraction
paradise cognition
paradise creativity
paradise entity
paradise heaven
paradise imagination
paradox abstraction
paradox communication
paradox contradiction
paradox entity
paradox falsehood
paradox message
paradox statement
paragraph abstraction
paragraph communication
paragraph entity
paragraph writing
paragraph change
paragraph divide
paragraph make
paragraph write
paragraph make
paragraph write
parakeet animal
parakeet bird
parakeet entity
parakeet object
parakeet organism
parakeet parrot
parakeet vertebrate
parakeet whole
parallel abstraction
parallel attribute
parallel entity
parallel figure
parallel shape
parallel equal
parallel match
parallel change
parallelogram abstraction
parallelogram attribute
parallelogram entity
parallelogram figure
parallelogram polygon
parallelogram quadrilateral
parallelogram shape
paralysis abstraction
paralysis attribute
paralysis condition
paralysis dysfunction
paralysis entity
paralysis pathology
paralysis state
parameter abstraction
parameter cognition
parameter concept
parameter constant
parameter content
parameter entity
parameter idea
parameter quantity
parameter abstraction
parameter beginning
parameter cause
parameter entity
parameter event
parameter factor
parameter happening
parameter origin
parameter abstraction
parameter cognition
parameter concept
parameter content
parameter entity
parameter idea
parameter quantity
paramilitary abstraction
paramilitary entity
paramilitary force
paramilitary group
paramilitary organization
paranoia abstraction
paranoia attribute
paranoia condition
paranoia entity
paranoia psychosis
paranoia state
paranoid entity
paranoid object
paranoid organism
paranoid person
paranoid psychotic
paranoid unfortunate
paranoid whole
paraphrase abstraction
paraphrase communication
paraphrase editing
paraphrase entity
paraphrase writing
paraphrase act
paraphrase communicate
paraphrase inform
paraphrase interact
paraphrase repeat
paraphrase tell
parasite entity
parasite object
parasite organism
parasite whole
paratroops abstraction
paratroops entity
paratroops group
paratroops infantry
paratroops organization
paratroops unit
parcel abstraction
parcel act
parcel allotment
parcel distribution
parcel entity
parcel event
parcel change
parcel divide
parcel cover
parcel wrap
parchment abstraction
parchment entity
parchment material
parchment matter
parchment paper
parchment part
parchment relation
parchment substance
parchment abstraction
parchment entity
parchment material
parchment matter
parchment part
parchment relation
parchment substance
pardon abstraction
pardon communication
pardon document
pardon entity
pardon warrant
pardon writing
pardon agree
pardon forgive
parent ancestor
parent entity
parent object
parent organism
parent person
parent relative
parent whole
parent entity
parent object
parent organism
parent whole
parentage abstraction
parentage entity
parentage kinship
parentage relation
parenthesis abstraction
parenthesis communication
parenthesis entity
parenthesis mark
parenthesis punctuation
parenthesis signal
parenthesis symbol
parenthood abstraction
parenthood adulthood
parenthood attribute
parenthood entity
parenthood maturity
parenthood state
parfait course
parfait dessert
parfait entity
parfait food
parfait matter
parfait substance
paring entity
paring fragment
paring part
paring thing
paring entity
paring object
parish abstraction
parish community
parish entity
parish gathering
parish group
parish district
parish entity
parish jurisdiction
parish location
parish object
parish region
park entity
park location
park object
park region
park tract
park entity
park location
park object
park region
park tract
park artifact
park device
park entity
park gear
park instrumentality
park mechanism
park object
park whole
park move
park put
park control
park steer
parking abstraction
parking entity
parking position
parking relation
parking room
parking abstraction
parking act
parking action
parking choice
parking decision
parking entity
parking event
parking maneuver
parking move
parliament abstraction
parliament assembly
parliament entity
parliament gathering
parliament group
parliament legislature
parliamentarian entity
parliamentarian leader
parliamentarian legislator
parliamentarian object
parliamentarian organism
parliamentarian person
parliamentarian politician
parliamentarian whole
parliamentarian entity
parliamentarian expert
parliamentarian object
parliamentarian organism
parliamentarian person
parliamentarian whole
parlor area
parlor artifact
parlor entity
parlor object
parlor room
parlor structure
parlor whole
parody abstraction
parody caricature
parody communication
parody entity
parody message
parody wit
parody abstraction
parody act
parody acting
parody activity
parody cognition
parody content
parody discipline
parody entity
parody event
parody impersonation
parody act
parody make
parole abstraction
parole act
parole commitment
parole communication
parole entity
parole event
parole message
parole promise
parole abstraction
parole accomplishment
parole act
parole action
parole entity
parole event
parole liberation
parole free
parrot animal
parrot bird
parrot entity
parrot object
parrot organism
parrot vertebrate
parrot whole
parrot entity
parrot object
parrot organism
parrot person
parrot whole
parrot repeat
parrot utter
parsley entity
parsley herb
parsley object
parsley organism
parsley plant
parsley whole
parsley entity
parsley food
parsley foodstuff
parsley herb
parsley ingredient
parsley matter
parsley substance
parsnip entity
parsnip object
parsnip root
parsnip whole
parsnip entity
parsnip herb
parsnip object
parsnip organism
parsnip plant
parsnip whole
parsnip entity
parsnip food
parsnip matter
parsnip produce
parsnip solid
parsnip vegetable
part abstraction
part entity
part relation
part entity
part object
part entity
part thing
part abstraction
part attribute
part concern
part condition
part curiosity
part entity
part interest
part state
part abstraction
part cognition
part concept
part content
part entity
part idea
part entity
part line
part location
part object
part abstraction
part communication
part entity
part music
part tune
partaker associate
partaker entity
partaker object
partaker organism
partaker participant
partaker peer
partaker person
partaker whole
partiality abstraction
partiality attitude
partiality cognition
partiality entity
partiality inclination
participant associate
participant entity
participant object
participant organism
participant peer
participant person
participant whole
participate act
participation abstraction
participation attribute
participation condition
participation entity
participation state
participle abstraction
participle class
participle collection
participle entity
participle group
participle verb
particle body
particle entity
particle object
particle whole
particle abstraction
particle entity
particle part
particle relation
particle word
particular abstraction
particular cognition
particular entity
particular fact
particular information
particular abstraction
particular communication
particular entity
particular message
particular proposition
particular statement
particularity abstraction
particularity attribute
particularity entity
particularity quality
particulate abstraction
particulate entity
particulate material
particulate matter
particulate part
particulate relation
particulate substance
partisan advocate
partisan entity
partisan object
partisan organism
partisan person
partisan whole
partisan artifact
partisan device
partisan entity
partisan instrumentality
partisan instrument
partisan object
partisan pike
partisan weapon
partisan whole
partition artifact
partition entity
partition object
partition structure
partition whole
partition abstraction
partition entity
partition measure
partition entity
partition part
partition thing
partition change
partition separate
partner entity
partner object
partner organism
partner person
partner whole
partner give
partner supply
partner transfer
partner act
partnership abstraction
partnership business
partnership enterprise
partnership entity
partnership group
partnership organization
partnership abstraction
partnership entity
partnership relation
partnership relationship
partnership abstraction
partnership agreement
partnership communication
partnership contract
partnership document
partnership entity
partnership message
partnership statement
partnership writing
partridge bird
partridge entity
partridge food
partridge matter
partridge meat
partridge solid
partridge animal
partridge bird
partridge entity
partridge game
partridge object
partridge organism
partridge vertebrate
partridge whole
party abstraction
party entity
party group
party organization
party abstraction
party entity
party gathering
party group
party abstraction
party entity
party group
party set
party abstraction
party affair
party entity
party event
party entity
party object
party organism
party person
party whole
party celebrate
party meet
pass abstraction
pass entity
pass leave
pass measure
pass abstraction
pass cognition
pass content
pass entity
pass idea
pass plan
pass play
pass entity
pass location
pass object
pass abstraction
pass approval
pass communication
pass entity
pass message
pass permission
pass abstraction
pass approval
pass communication
pass entity
pass message
pass permission
pass abstraction
pass act
pass action
pass change
pass entity
pass event
pass flight
pass motion
pass travel
pass abstraction
pass attribute
pass condition
pass difficulty
pass entity
pass situation
pass state
pass abstraction
pass entity
pass event
pass happening
pass juncture
pass abstraction
pass cycle
pass entity
pass event
pass happening
pass abstraction
pass communication
pass document
pass entity
pass license
pass writing
pass abstraction
pass communication
pass document
pass entity
pass ticket
pass writing
pass abstraction
pass act
pass entity
pass event
pass propulsion
pass throw
pass travel
pass transfer
pass advance
pass travel
pass succeed
pass evaluate
pass think
pass let
pass change
pass move
pass throw
passage abstraction
passage act
passage action
passage change
passage entity
passage event
passage abstraction
passage communication
passage entity
passage music
passage section
passage writing
passage artifact
passage entity
passage object
passage way
passage whole
passage abstraction
passage act
passage action
passage change
passage entity
passage event
passage journey
passage motion
passage travel
passage abstraction
passage communication
passage entity
passage music
passage entity
passage part
passage structure
passage thing
passage entity
passage process
passage reaction
passage abstraction
passage act
passage action
passage change
passage delivery
passage entity
passage event
passage movement
passage transportation
passenger entity
passenger object
passenger organism
passenger person
passenger traveler
passenger whole
passerby entity
passerby object
passerby organism
passerby pedestrian
passerby person
passerby traveler
passerby whole
passing abstraction
passing change
passing death
passing entity
passing event
passing happening
passing abstraction
passing entity
passing event
passing happening
passing movement
passing abstraction
passing end
passing ending
passing entity
passing event
passing happening
passing abstraction
passing act
passing activity
passing arrangement
passing creation
passing entity
passing event
passing rearrangement
passing abstraction
passing accomplishment
passing act
passing action
passing attainment
passing entity
passing event
passing success
passion abstraction
passion attribute
passion entity
passion feeling
passion state
passion abstraction
passion attribute
passion desire
passion entity
passion feeling
passion state
passion abstraction
passion agony
passion cognition
passion entity
passion evidence
passion information
passion pain
passion symptom
passover abstraction
passover day
passover entity
passover holiday
passover measure
passport abstraction
passport communication
passport document
passport entity
passport writing
password abstraction
password communication
password entity
password evidence
password identification
password indication
password information
password message
password secret
past abstraction
past attribute
past entity
past time
past abstraction
past entity
past measure
past abstraction
past class
past collection
past entity
past group
past tense
pasta dish
pasta entity
pasta food
pasta matter
pasta substance
pasta entity
pasta food
pasta matter
pasta solid
paste abstraction
paste composition
paste entity
paste matter
paste mixture
paste part
paste relation
paste substance
paste entity
paste glass
paste matter
paste solid
paste abstraction
paste entity
paste material
paste matter
paste part
paste relation
paste substance
paste beat
paste strike
paste touch
paste cover
pastime abstraction
pastime act
pastime activity
pastime diversion
pastime entity
pastime event
pastor abstraction
pastor entity
pastor genus
pastor group
pastoral abstraction
pastoral artifact
pastoral communication
pastoral creation
pastoral document
pastoral entity
pastoral letter
pastoral matter
pastoral object
pastoral representation
pastoral text
pastoral whole
pastoral writing
pastoral abstraction
pastoral communication
pastoral entity
pastoral writing
pastry concoction
pastry dough
pastry entity
pastry food
pastry foodstuff
pastry matter
pastry substance
pastry entity
pastry food
pastry matter
pastry solid
pasture abstraction
pasture community
pasture entity
pasture grassland
pasture group
pasture location
pasture object
pasture region
pasture tract
pat abstraction
pat entity
pat event
pat happening
pat sound
patch artifact
patch entity
patch fabric
patch object
patch part
patch piece
patch whole
patch abstraction
patch code
patch communication
patch entity
patch program
patch software
patch writing
patch connect
patch join
patch give
patch supply
patch transfer
patch better
patch change
patch repair
patella bone
patella entity
patella part
patella thing
patella tissue
patella abstraction
patella entity
patella genus
patella group
patent abstraction
patent communication
patent document
patent entity
patent writing
patent abstraction
patent communication
patent document
patent entity
patent writing
patent get
patent obtain
patent procure
patent have
patent keep
patent record
patent register
patent save
patent change
paternity abstraction
paternity attribute
paternity entity
paternity state
path artifact
path entity
path object
path way
path whole
path entity
path line
path location
path object
path entity
path line
path location
path object
pathogen agent
pathogen entity
pathogen microorganism
pathogen object
pathogen organism
pathogen whole
pathology abstraction
pathology cognition
pathology content
pathology discipline
pathology entity
pathology science
pathology abstraction
pathology attribute
pathology condition
pathology entity
pathology state
pathos abstraction
pathos attribute
pathos entity
pathos quality
pathos abstraction
pathos communication
pathos entity
pathway artifact
pathway entity
pathway object
pathway path
pathway way
pathway whole
patience abstraction
patience attribute
patience disposition
patience entity
patience nature
patience trait
patient case
patient entity
patient object
patient organism
patient person
patient unfortunate
patient whole
patio area
patio artifact
patio entity
patio object
patio structure
patio whole
patriarch entity
patriarch leader
patriarch object
patriarch organism
patriarch person
patriarch whole
patriarch adult
patriarch entity
patriarch head
patriarch leader
patriarch male
patriarch man
patriarch object
patriarch organism
patriarch person
patriarch whole
patriarch ancestor
patriarch entity
patriarch forefather
patriarch object
patriarch organism
patriarch person
patriarch relative
patriarch whole
patriarch adult
patriarch entity
patriarch male
patriarch man
patriarch object
patriarch organism
patriarch person
patriarch whole
patriarchy abstraction
patriarchy entity
patriarchy group
patriarchy system
patrimony abstraction
patrimony assets
patrimony capital
patrimony endowment
patrimony entity
patrimony possession
patrimony relation
patriot entity
patriot national
patriot object
patriot organism
patriot person
patriot whole
patriotism abstraction
patriotism attribute
patriotism entity
patriotism fidelity
patriotism loyalty
patriotism quality
patrol abstraction
patrol detachment
patrol entity
patrol group
patrol organization
patrol unit
patrol abstraction
patrol act
patrol activity
patrol entity
patrol event
patrol protection
patrol abstraction
patrol entity
patrol force
patrol group
patrol organization
patrol analyze
patrol check
patrol guard
patrol watch
patron consumer
patron customer
patron entity
patron object
patron organism
patron person
patron user
patron whole
patron businessman
patron businessperson
patron capitalist
patron entity
patron object
patron organism
patron owner
patron person
patron whole
patron benefactor
patron entity
patron object
patron organism
patron person
patron whole
patronage abstraction
patronage act
patronage entity
patronage event
patronage have
patronage sustain
patronize support
patronize act
patronize interact
patronize arouse
patronize encourage
patronize foster
patronize inspire
patronize make
patronize stimulate
patter abstraction
patter entity
patter event
patter happening
patter sound
pattern abstraction
pattern cognition
pattern content
pattern entity
pattern idea
pattern ideal
pattern equal
pattern match
patty dish
patty entity
patty food
patty matter
patty substance
patty entity
patty food
patty matter
patty pastry
patty pie
patty solid
patty candy
patty dainty
patty entity
patty food
patty matter
patty substance
patty sweet
pauper entity
pauper object
pauper organism
pauper person
pauper unfortunate
pauper whole
pause abstraction
pause entity
pause measure
pause abstraction
pause act
pause entity
pause event
pause inactivity
pause break
pause change
pause end
pause interrupt
pave artifact
pave entity
pave framework
pave mounting
pave mount
pave object
pave structure
pave whole
pave coat
pave cover
pavement artifact
pavement entity
pavement object
pavement surface
pavement whole
pavilion artifact
pavilion entity
pavilion object
pavilion shelter
pavilion structure
pavilion tent
pavilion whole
paw entity
paw extremity
paw part
paw thing
paw guide
paw rub
paw scrape
paw caress
paw stroke
paw touch
pawn abstraction
pawn assets
pawn entity
pawn interest
pawn pledge
pawn possession
pawn relation
pawn share
pawn artifact
pawn entity
pawn equipment
pawn instrumentality
pawn man
pawn object
pawn whole
pawn abstraction
pawn act
pawn borrowing
pawn entity
pawn event
pawn transaction
pawn entrust
pawn pass
pawn transfer
pay give
pay transfer
pay agree
pay arrange
pay settle
pay be
pay make
pay perform
pay accept
pay act
pay digest
pay permit
pay react
pay give
pay transfer
pay agree
pay arrange
pay settle
payback abstraction
payback assets
payback entity
payback gain
payback income
payback possession
payback relation
payback return
payback sum
paycheck abstraction
paycheck check
paycheck communication
paycheck document
paycheck draft
paycheck entity
paycheck writing
payer entity
payer object
payer organism
payer person
payer whole
payment abstraction
payment cost
payment entity
payment possession
payment relation
payment abstraction
payment act
payment commerce
payment entity
payment event
payment transaction
payroll abstraction
payroll communication
payroll document
payroll entity
payroll record
payroll register
payroll abstraction
payroll assets
payroll entity
payroll possession
payroll relation
payroll sum
payroll abstraction
payroll department
payroll division
payroll entity
payroll group
payroll organization
payroll unit
pea entity
pea food
pea legume
pea matter
pea produce
pea solid
pea vegetable
pea entity
pea fruit
pea legume
pea object
pea pod
pea whole
pea climber
pea entity
pea herb
pea legume
pea object
pea organism
pea plant
pea vine
pea whole
peace abstraction
peace attribute
peace entity
peace order
peace state
peace abstraction
peace attribute
peace entity
peace harmony
peace order
peace state
peace abstraction
peace attribute
peace calmness
peace entity
peace feeling
peace state
peace abstraction
peace attribute
peace condition
peace entity
peace safety
peace security
peace state
peace abstraction
peace agreement
peace communication
peace document
peace entity
peace message
peace statement
peace treaty
peace writing
peacekeeping abstraction
peacekeeping act
peacekeeping activity
peacekeeping entity
peacekeeping event
peacekeeping operation
peacetime abstraction
peacetime entity
peacetime measure
peach entity
peach object
peach organism
peach plant
peach tree
peach whole
peach entity
peach food
peach fruit
peach matter
peach object
peach produce
peach solid
peach whole
peacock animal
peacock butterfly
peacock entity
peacock insect
peacock invertebrate
peacock object
peacock organism
peacock whole
peacock animal
peacock bird
peacock entity
peacock game
peacock object
peacock organism
peacock pheasant
peacock vertebrate
peacock whole
peak entity
peak location
peak object
peak point
peanut entity
peanut fruit
peanut object
peanut pod
peanut whole
peanut climber
peanut entity
peanut herb
peanut legume
peanut object
peanut organism
peanut plant
peanut vine
peanut whole
peanut child
peanut entity
peanut juvenile
peanut object
peanut organism
peanut person
peanut whole
peanut entity
peanut fruit
peanut nut
peanut object
peanut seed
peanut whole
peanuts abstraction
peanuts assets
peanuts entity
peanuts possession
peanuts relation
peanuts sum
pear entity
pear food
pear fruit
pear matter
pear object
pear produce
pear solid
pear whole
pear entity
pear object
pear organism
pear plant
pear tree
pear whole
pearl adornment
pearl artifact
pearl decoration
pearl entity
pearl jewel
pearl jewelry
pearl object
pearl whole
pearl gather
peasant commoner
peasant entity
peasant object
peasant organism
peasant person
peasant rustic
peasant whole
peasant employee
peasant entity
peasant laborer
peasant object
peasant organism
peasant person
peasant whole
peasant worker
peasant workman
peasant entity
peasant object
peasant organism
peasant person
peasant whole
peasantry abstraction
peasantry class
peasantry entity
peasantry group
peasantry people
pebble entity
pebble object
pebble rock
pebble whole
peck abstraction
peck entity
peck measure
peck abstraction
peck entity
peck measure
peck strike
peck touch
peck consume
peck eat
pectoral entity
pectoral muscle
pectoral organ
pectoral part
pectoral thing
pectoral adornment
pectoral artifact
pectoral decoration
pectoral entity
pectoral object
pectoral whole
peculiarity abstraction
peculiarity cognition
peculiarity concept
peculiarity content
peculiarity entity
peculiarity feature
peculiarity idea
peculiarity property
peculiarity abstraction
peculiarity attribute
peculiarity entity
peculiarity individuality
peculiarity trait
pedal artifact
pedal bar
pedal entity
pedal implement
pedal instrumentality
pedal lever
pedal object
pedal whole
pedal handle
pedal manipulate
pedal operate
pedal touch
pedestal abstraction
pedestal attribute
pedestal entity
pedestal state
pedestal status
pedestal artifact
pedestal entity
pedestal object
pedestal structure
pedestal support
pedestal whole
pedestrian entity
pedestrian object
pedestrian organism
pedestrian person
pedestrian traveler
pedestrian whole
pedigree abstraction
pedigree breed
pedigree entity
pedigree group
pedigree variety
pedigree abstraction
pedigree ancestry
pedigree attribute
pedigree entity
pedigree heredity
pedigree inheritance
pedigree property
pedophile entity
pedophile object
pedophile organism
pedophile person
pedophile whole
pedophilia entity
pedophilia perversion
pedophilia process
peek abstraction
peek act
peek activity
peek entity
peek event
peek look
peel abstraction
peel entity
peel material
peel matter
peel part
peel relation
peel rind
peel substance
peeler entity
peeler object
peeler organism
peeler person
peeler whole
peeler worker
peeler artifact
peeler device
peeler entity
peeler instrumentality
peeler object
peeler whole
peepshow abstraction
peepshow collection
peepshow entity
peepshow exhibition
peepshow group
peepshow abstraction
peepshow artifact
peepshow creation
peepshow entity
peepshow event
peepshow movie
peepshow object
peepshow product
peepshow show
peepshow whole
peer entity
peer object
peer organism
peer person
peer whole
peer aristocrat
peer entity
peer leader
peer lord
peer object
peer organism
peer person
peer whole
peer look
peg artifact
peg device
peg entity
peg fastener
peg instrumentality
peg object
peg pin
peg restraint
peg whole
peg abstraction
peg communication
peg entity
peg marker
peg signal
peg symbol
peg artifact
peg corrective
peg device
peg entity
peg instrumentality
peg object
peg prosthesis
peg whole
peg artifact
peg control
peg device
peg entity
peg instrumentality
peg mechanism
peg object
peg regulator
peg whole
peg artifact
peg device
peg entity
peg holder
peg instrumentality
peg object
peg whole
peg enter
peg penetrate
peg pierce
peg attach
peg connect
peg change
peg stabilize
pelican animal
pelican bird
pelican entity
pelican object
pelican organism
pelican seabird
pelican vertebrate
pelican whole
pellet abstraction
pellet attribute
pellet ball
pellet entity
pellet shape
pellet sphere
pelt move
pelt throw
pelvis entity
pelvis girdle
pelvis part
pelvis structure
pelvis thing
pelvis cavity
pelvis entity
pelvis part
pelvis structure
pelvis thing
pen artifact
pen entity
pen implement
pen instrumentality
pen object
pen whole
pen area
pen artifact
pen enclosure
pen entity
pen object
pen structure
pen whole
pen animal
pen bird
pen entity
pen object
pen organism
pen swan
pen vertebrate
pen whole
penalty abstraction
penalty cost
penalty entity
penalty payment
penalty possession
penalty relation
penalty abstraction
penalty attribute
penalty bad
penalty disadvantage
penalty entity
penalty liability
penalty quality
penalty abstraction
penalty advantage
penalty asset
penalty attribute
penalty entity
penalty handicap
penalty quality
penance abstraction
penance act
penance activity
penance ceremony
penance entity
penance event
penance sacrament
penance abstraction
penance act
penance entity
penance event
penance punishment
pencil artifact
pencil entity
pencil implement
pencil instrumentality
pencil object
pencil whole
pencil abstraction
pencil carbon
pencil entity
pencil graphite
pencil matter
pencil part
pencil relation
pencil substance
pencil abstraction
pencil attribute
pencil entity
pencil figure
pencil shape
pencil artifact
pencil cosmetic
pencil entity
pencil instrumentality
pencil object
pencil whole
pencil draw
pencil make
pencil represent
pendant adornment
pendant artifact
pendant decoration
pendant entity
pendant object
pendant whole
pendulum apparatus
pendulum artifact
pendulum entity
pendulum equipment
pendulum instrumentality
pendulum object
pendulum whole
penetrate enter
penetrate understand
penetrate advance
penetrate travel
penetrate attach
penetrate connect
penetrate insert
penetration abstraction
penetration act
penetration activity
penetration attack
penetration entity
penetration event
penetration operation
penetration abstraction
penetration cognition
penetration entity
penetration perception
penetration abstraction
penetration act
penetration action
penetration arrival
penetration entity
penetration entrance
penetration event
penetration ability
penetration abstraction
penetration attribute
penetration entity
penetration quality
penetration abstraction
penetration attribute
penetration depth
penetration entity
penetration extent
penetration magnitude
penetration property
penetration entity
penetration process
penguin animal
penguin bird
penguin entity
penguin object
penguin organism
penguin seabird
penguin vertebrate
penguin whole
penicillin agent
penicillin antibiotic
penicillin drug
penicillin entity
penicillin matter
penicillin medicine
penicillin substance
peninsula entity
peninsula land
peninsula object
penis entity
penis organ
penis part
penis thing
penitentiary artifact
penitentiary entity
penitentiary establishment
penitentiary institution
penitentiary object
penitentiary structure
penitentiary whole
pennant abstraction
pennant award
pennant communication
pennant entity
pennant signal
pennant symbol
pennant abstraction
pennant communication
pennant entity
pennant flag
pennant signal
pennant artifact
pennant decoration
pennant design
pennant emblem
pennant entity
pennant flag
pennant object
pennant whole
penny abstraction
penny entity
penny measure
penny abstraction
penny coinage
penny coin
penny currency
penny entity
penny measure
penny standard
pension abstraction
pension cost
pension entity
pension payment
pension possession
pension relation
pension award
pension give
pentagon abstraction
pentagon administration
pentagon body
pentagon bureaucracy
pentagon entity
pentagon group
pentagon abstraction
pentagon attribute
pentagon entity
pentagon figure
pentagon polygon
pentagon shape
pentecostal entity
pentecostal object
pentecostal organism
pentecostal person
pentecostal protestant
pentecostal whole
peony entity
peony flower
peony object
peony organism
peony plant
peony whole
people abstraction
people entity
people group
people abstraction
people entity
people family
people genealogy
people group
people kin
people lineage
people change
people fill
people populate
people be
people populate
pepper entity
pepper object
pepper organism
pepper plant
pepper vine
pepper whole
pepper entity
pepper food
pepper foodstuff
pepper ingredient
pepper matter
pepper substance
pepper entity
pepper food
pepper matter
pepper produce
pepper solid
pepper vegetable
pepper season
pepper zest
pepper attack
pepper contend
perceive understand
percentage abstraction
percentage entity
percentage proportion
percentage quotient
percentage ratio
percentage relation
perception abstraction
perception cognition
perception concept
perception content
perception entity
perception idea
perception abstraction
perception cognition
perception entity
perception process
perception abstraction
perception cognition
perception entity
perceptiveness ability
perceptiveness abstraction
perceptiveness attribute
perceptiveness entity
perceptiveness quality
perceptiveness sensitivity
perch artifact
perch device
perch entity
perch instrumentality
perch object
perch support
perch whole
perch abstraction
perch entity
perch measure
perch abstraction
perch entity
perch measure
perch area
perch entity
perch location
perch object
perch region
perch seat
perch space
perch entity
perch food
perch matter
perch seafood
perch solid
perch animal
perch entity
perch fish
perch object
perch organism
perch vertebrate
perch whole
perch animal
perch entity
perch fish
perch object
perch organism
perch vertebrate
perch whole
perch sit
perch move
perch put
percussion abstraction
percussion act
percussion activity
percussion entity
percussion event
percussion music
percussion abstraction
percussion act
percussion action
percussion change
percussion entity
percussion event
percussion explosion
percussion abstraction
percussion act
percussion activity
percussion entity
percussion event
percussion listening
percussion procedure
perennial entity
perennial object
perennial organism
perennial plant
perennial whole
perfect better
perfect change
perfection abstraction
perfection attribute
perfection entity
perfection state
perfection abstraction
perfection act
perfection action
perfection change
perfection entity
perfection event
perfection improvement
perfectionist compulsive
perfectionist entity
perfectionist object
perfectionist organism
perfectionist person
perfectionist whole
perforation artifact
perforation entity
perforation hole
perforation object
perforation opening
perforation whole
perforation abstraction
perforation attribute
perforation entity
perforation hole
perforation location
perforation object
perforation opening
perforation shape
perforation space
perforation abstraction
perforation act
perforation activity
perforation entity
perforation event
perforation puncture
perform act
perform make
performance abstraction
performance entity
performance event
performance show
performance abstraction
performance act
performance activity
performance diversion
performance entertainment
performance entity
performance event
performance presentation
performance show
performance abstraction
performance act
performance action
performance entity
performance event
performance abstraction
performance accomplishment
performance act
performance action
performance entity
performance event
performer entertainer
performer entity
performer object
performer organism
performer person
performer whole
perfume artifact
perfume entity
perfume instrumentality
perfume object
perfume whole
perfume better
perfume change
perfume groom
perimeter abstraction
perimeter attribute
perimeter entity
perimeter line
perimeter shape
perineum area
perineum entity
perineum part
perineum thing
period abstraction
period entity
period measure
period abstraction
period cognition
period concept
period content
period entity
period idea
period part
period abstraction
period attribute
period entity
period time
period abstraction
period end
period entity
period measure
period point
period abstraction
period communication
period entity
period mark
period punctuation
period signal
period symbol
periodical artifact
periodical creation
periodical entity
periodical object
periodical product
periodical publication
periodical whole
periodical work
peripheral artifact
peripheral entity
peripheral equipment
peripheral instrumentality
peripheral object
peripheral whole
periphery abstraction
periphery attribute
periphery boundary
periphery entity
periphery line
periphery shape
perishable entity
perishable food
perishable foodstuff
perishable matter
perishable substance
perm better
perm change
perm dress
perm groom
perm wave
permafrost entity
permafrost land
permafrost object
permanence abstraction
permanence attribute
permanence duration
permanence entity
permanence property
permeability abstraction
permeability attribute
permeability consistency
permeability entity
permeability property
permeate enter
permeate penetrate
permeation diffusion
permeation entity
permeation process
permission abstraction
permission approval
permission communication
permission entity
permission message
permit animal
permit entity
permit fish
permit object
permit organism
permit vertebrate
permit whole
permit accept
permit act
permit react
permutation abstraction
permutation act
permutation activity
permutation calculation
permutation entity
permutation event
permutation procedure
permutation abstraction
permutation act
permutation action
permutation change
permutation entity
permutation event
permutation transformation
permutation abstraction
permutation act
permutation activity
permutation arrangement
permutation creation
permutation entity
permutation event
permutation rearrangement
perpendicular abstraction
perpendicular attribute
perpendicular entity
perpendicular line
perpendicular shape
perpendicular abstraction
perpendicular category
perpendicular cognition
perpendicular concept
perpendicular content
perpendicular entity
perpendicular idea
perpendicular kind
perpendicular artifact
perpendicular entity
perpendicular face
perpendicular object
perpendicular surface
perpendicular whole
perpetrate act
perpetrator entity
perpetrator object
perpetrator organism
perpetrator person
perpetrator whole
perpetuity abstraction
perpetuity attribute
perpetuity duration
perpetuity entity
perpetuity permanence
perpetuity property
persecute annoy
persecute harass
persecute torment
persecution abstraction
persecution act
persecution activity
persecution entity
persecution event
persecution maltreatment
persecution practice
perseverance abstraction
perseverance act
perseverance activity
perseverance continuance
perseverance entity
perseverance event
persevere continue
persevere keep
person entity
person object
person organism
person whole
person body
person entity
person object
person whole
person abstraction
person class
person collection
person entity
person group
persona abstraction
persona appearance
persona attribute
persona entity
persona quality
personage entity
personage object
personage organism
personage person
personage whole
personal abstraction
personal article
personal artifact
personal communication
personal creation
personal entity
personal nonfiction
personal object
personal piece
personal whole
personality abstraction
personality attribute
personality entity
personality adult
personality celebrity
personality entity
personality object
personality organism
personality person
personality whole
personification entity
personification object
personification organism
personification person
personification whole
personification abstraction
personification communication
personification device
personification entity
personification abstraction
personification act
personification activity
personification creation
personification embodiment
personification entity
personification event
personification realization
perspective abstraction
perspective appearance
perspective attribute
perspective entity
perspective quality
perspiration abstraction
perspiration entity
perspiration matter
perspiration part
perspiration relation
perspiration secretion
perspiration substance
perspiration entity
perspiration process
persuade induce
persuasion abstraction
persuasion act
persuasion communication
persuasion entity
persuasion event
perversion abstraction
perversion attribute
perversion curve
perversion entity
perversion line
perversion shape
perversion entity
perversion process
perversion abstraction
perversion act
perversion activity
perversion entity
perversion event
pessimism abstraction
pessimism attribute
pessimism despair
pessimism entity
pessimism feeling
pessimism state
pessimism abstraction
pessimism attribute
pessimism disposition
pessimism entity
pessimism nature
pessimism trait
pest entity
pest object
pest organism
pest person
pest whole
pest animal
pest entity
pest object
pest organism
pest whole
pesticide abstraction
pesticide chemical
pesticide entity
pesticide material
pesticide matter
pesticide part
pesticide relation
pesticide substance
pestilence abstraction
pestilence cognition
pestilence entity
pestilence influence
pet animal
pet entity
pet object
pet organism
pet whole
pet abstraction
pet attribute
pet entity
pet feeling
pet state
pet temper
pet caress
pet stroke
pet touch
pet caress
pet stroke
pet touch
petal entity
petal leaf
petal object
petal whole
petite abstraction
petite attribute
petite entity
petite property
petite size
petition communicate
petition convey
petition move
petition request
petition transfer
petroleum abstraction
petroleum chemical
petroleum compound
petroleum entity
petroleum fuel
petroleum lipid
petroleum material
petroleum matter
petroleum molecule
petroleum oil
petroleum part
petroleum relation
petroleum substance
petroleum thing
petroleum unit
petunia entity
petunia flower
petunia object
petunia organism
petunia plant
petunia whole
pewter abstraction
pewter alloy
pewter entity
pewter matter
pewter mixture
pewter part
pewter relation
pewter substance
pharaoh entity
pharaoh object
pharaoh organism
pharaoh person
pharaoh ruler
pharaoh whole
pharmaceutical agent
pharmaceutical drug
pharmaceutical entity
pharmaceutical matter
pharmaceutical medicine
pharmaceutical substance
pharmacist adult
pharmacist entity
pharmacist object
pharmacist organism
pharmacist person
pharmacist professional
pharmacist whole
pharmacy abstraction
pharmacy cognition
pharmacy content
pharmacy discipline
pharmacy entity
pharmacy medicine
pharmacy science
phase abstraction
phase entity
phase measure
phase entity
phase phenomenon
phase process
phase abstraction
phase entity
phase measure
phase point
phase abstraction
phase appearance
phase attribute
phase entity
phase quality
phase cause
phase initiate
phase make
phase stage
phase adjust
phase change
pheasant animal
pheasant bird
pheasant entity
pheasant game
pheasant object
pheasant organism
pheasant vertebrate
pheasant whole
pheasant bird
pheasant entity
pheasant food
pheasant matter
pheasant meat
pheasant solid
phenomenon entity
phenomenon process
phenomenon abstraction
phenomenon change
phenomenon development
phenomenon entity
phenomenon event
phenomenon happening
pheromone abstraction
pheromone entity
pheromone matter
pheromone part
pheromone relation
pheromone secretion
pheromone substance
philanthropist benefactor
philanthropist donor
philanthropist entity
philanthropist object
philanthropist organism
philanthropist person
philanthropist whole
philanthropy abstraction
philanthropy acquisition
philanthropy aid
philanthropy entity
philanthropy gift
philanthropy possession
philanthropy relation
philosopher entity
philosopher intellectual
philosopher object
philosopher organism
philosopher person
philosopher scholar
philosopher whole
philosopher entity
philosopher object
philosopher organism
philosopher person
philosopher whole
philosophy abstraction
philosophy cognition
philosophy content
philosophy discipline
philosophy entity
philosophy abstraction
philosophy belief
philosophy cognition
philosophy content
philosophy entity
phobia abstraction
phobia attribute
phobia condition
phobia disorder
phobia entity
phobia state
phoenix abstraction
phoenix entity
phoenix genus
phoenix group
phoenix ability
phoenix abstraction
phoenix cognition
phoenix creativity
phoenix entity
phoenix imagination
phone abstraction
phone entity
phone part
phone relation
phonetics abstraction
phonetics acoustics
phonetics cognition
phonetics content
phonetics discipline
phonetics entity
phonetics physics
phonetics science
phonics abstraction
phonics act
phonics activity
phonics education
phonics entity
phonics event
phonics occupation
phonics profession
phonics teaching
phosphate abstraction
phosphate chemical
phosphate compound
phosphate entity
phosphate material
phosphate matter
phosphate part
phosphate relation
phosphate salt
phosphate substance
phosphate abstraction
phosphate beverage
phosphate entity
phosphate fluid
phosphate food
phosphate liquid
phosphate matter
phosphate part
phosphate relation
phosphate substance
phosphorus abstraction
phosphorus entity
phosphorus matter
phosphorus part
phosphorus relation
phosphorus substance
photochemistry abstraction
photochemistry chemistry
photochemistry cognition
photochemistry content
photochemistry discipline
photochemistry entity
photochemistry science
photograph artifact
photograph creation
photograph entity
photograph object
photograph representation
photograph whole
photograph have
photograph keep
photograph record
photograph save
photographer artist
photographer creator
photographer entity
photographer object
photographer organism
photographer person
photographer whole
photography abstraction
photography act
photography activity
photography entity
photography event
photography representation
photography entity
photography process
photography abstraction
photography act
photography activity
photography entity
photography event
photography occupation
photon body
photon entity
photon object
photon particle
photon whole
photosynthesis entity
photosynthesis process
phrase abstraction
phrase arrangement
phrase communication
phrase constituent
phrase construction
phrase entity
phrase group
phrase language
phrase sequence
phrase series
phrase string
phrase abstraction
phrase communication
phrase entity
phrase music
phrase passage
phrase abstraction
phrase act
phrase activity
phrase cognition
phrase content
phrase dancing
phrase discipline
phrase diversion
phrase entity
phrase event
phrase arrange
phrase control
phrase manage
phrase organize
phrasing abstraction
phrasing act
phrasing activity
phrasing entity
phrasing event
phrasing grouping
physicist entity
physicist object
physicist organism
physicist person
physicist scientist
physicist whole
physics abstraction
physics cognition
physics content
physics discipline
physics entity
physics science
physics abstraction
physics cognition
physics content
physics discipline
physics entity
physics science
physiologist biologist
physiologist entity
physiologist object
physiologist organism
physiologist person
physiologist scientist
physiologist whole
physiology abstraction
physiology biology
physiology cognition
physiology content
physiology discipline
physiology entity
physiology science
physiology abstraction
physiology attribute
physiology entity
physiology property
physique abstraction
physique attribute
physique entity
physique property
phytoplankton entity
phytoplankton object
phytoplankton organism
phytoplankton plant
phytoplankton whole
pi abstraction
pi entity
pi measure
pi number
pi abstraction
pi character
pi communication
pi entity
pi letter
pi signal
pi symbol
pianist entertainer
pianist entity
pianist musician
pianist object
pianist organism
pianist performer
pianist person
pianist whole
piano artifact
piano device
piano entity
piano instrumentality
piano object
piano whole
piano abstraction
piano attribute
piano entity
piano property
piano softness
piccolo artifact
piccolo device
piccolo entity
piccolo flute
piccolo instrumentality
piccolo object
piccolo whole
pick artifact
pick device
pick entity
pick instrumentality
pick object
pick whole
pick artifact
pick entity
pick implement
pick instrumentality
pick object
pick tool
pick whole
pick artifact
pick cutter
pick entity
pick implement
pick instrumentality
pick object
pick tool
pick whole
pick abstraction
pick cognition
pick content
pick entity
pick idea
pick plan
pick play
pick choose
pick decide
pick gather
pick cause
pick make
pick provoke
pick remove
pick rob
pick steal
pick take
pick enter
pick penetrate
pick pierce
pickle condiment
pickle entity
pickle food
pickle foodstuff
pickle ingredient
pickle matter
pickle relish
pickle substance
pickle cook
pickle make
pickle preserve
pickup artifact
pickup container
pickup conveyance
pickup entity
pickup instrumentality
pickup object
pickup truck
pickup vehicle
pickup whole
pickup abstraction
pickup communication
pickup document
pickup entity
pickup warrant
pickup writing
pickup artifact
pickup corrective
pickup device
pickup entity
pickup instrumentality
pickup object
pickup whole
pickup acquaintance
pickup entity
pickup object
pickup organism
pickup person
pickup whole
pickup abstraction
pickup acceleration
pickup change
pickup entity
pickup event
pickup happening
pickup abstraction
pickup act
pickup activity
pickup collection
pickup entity
pickup event
pickup grouping
pickup abstraction
pickup act
pickup entity
pickup event
picnic entity
picnic food
picnic matter
picnic meal
picnic substance
picnic consume
picnic eat
pictograph abstraction
pictograph character
pictograph communication
pictograph entity
pictograph signal
pictograph symbol
pictorial artifact
pictorial creation
pictorial entity
pictorial object
pictorial periodical
pictorial product
pictorial publication
pictorial whole
pictorial work
picture artifact
picture creation
picture entity
picture object
picture representation
picture whole
picture abstraction
picture attribute
picture entity
picture situation
picture state
picture abstraction
picture artwork
picture communication
picture entity
picture illustration
picture abstraction
picture cognition
picture entity
picture process
picture make
picture represent
pie entity
pie food
pie matter
pie pastry
pie solid
piece entity
piece object
piece part
piece entity
piece item
piece object
piece whole
piece abstraction
piece case
piece entity
piece event
piece happening
piece artifact
piece creation
piece entity
piece object
piece whole
piece abstraction
piece entity
piece helping
piece measure
piece abstraction
piece distance
piece entity
piece placement
piece position
piece relation
piece spacing
piece change
piece intertwine
piece splice
piece twist
piece better
piece change
piece repair
pier artifact
pier entity
pier object
pier platform
pier surface
pier whole
pier artifact
pier device
pier entity
pier instrumentality
pier object
pier support
pier whole
pier artifact
pier device
pier entity
pier instrumentality
pier object
pier support
pier whole
pierce enter
pierce penetrate
pierce affect
pierce sound
pierce enter
pierce penetrate
pierce enter
pierce penetrate
piety abstraction
piety attribute
piety entity
piety morality
piety quality
piety righteousness
pig artifact
pig block
pig entity
pig object
pig whole
pig live
pigeon animal
pigeon bird
pigeon entity
pigeon object
pigeon organism
pigeon vertebrate
pigeon whole
piggyback abstraction
piggyback act
piggyback action
piggyback carry
piggyback change
piggyback entity
piggyback event
piggyback movement
piggyback transportation
piggyback ride
piggyback travel
piggyback haul
piggyback move
piggyback transport
piggyback haul
piggyback move
piggyback transport
piggyback hold
piggyback change
piglet animal
piglet entity
piglet object
piglet organism
piglet whole
piglet young
pigment abstraction
pigment entity
pigment material
pigment matter
pigment part
pigment relation
pigment substance
pigment abstraction
pigment entity
pigment material
pigment matter
pigment part
pigment relation
pigment substance
pigment change
pigment hue
pigment change
pigment color
pigmentation deposition
pigmentation entity
pigmentation increase
pigmentation process
pigmentation abstraction
pigmentation attribute
pigmentation coloration
pigmentation color
pigmentation entity
pigmentation property
pigtail braid
pigtail covering
pigtail entity
pigtail hair
pigtail object
pigtail whole
pike entity
pike food
pike matter
pike seafood
pike solid
pike end
pike entity
pike extremity
pike location
pike object
pike point
pike region
pike artifact
pike device
pike entity
pike instrumentality
pike instrument
pike object
pike weapon
pike whole
pike animal
pike entity
pike fish
pike object
pike organism
pike vertebrate
pike whole
pile abstraction
pile collection
pile entity
pile group
pile abstraction
pile entity
pile money
pile possession
pile property
pile relation
pile wealth
pile artifact
pile column
pile device
pile entity
pile instrumentality
pile object
pile support
pile upright
pile whole
pile artifact
pile cord
pile entity
pile line
pile object
pile thread
pile whole
pile move
pile put
pilgrim entity
pilgrim object
pilgrim organism
pilgrim person
pilgrim traveler
pilgrim whole
pilgrim entity
pilgrim migrant
pilgrim object
pilgrim organism
pilgrim person
pilgrim settler
pilgrim traveler
pilgrim whole
pilgrim believer
pilgrim entity
pilgrim object
pilgrim organism
pilgrim person
pilgrim whole
pilgrimage abstraction
pilgrimage act
pilgrimage action
pilgrimage change
pilgrimage entity
pilgrimage event
pilgrimage journey
pilgrimage motion
pilgrimage travel
pill artifact
pill entity
pill object
pill thing
pill whole
pill agent
pill dose
pill drug
pill entity
pill matter
pill medicine
pill substance
pill entity
pill object
pill organism
pill person
pill whole
pill abstraction
pill burden
pill cognition
pill concern
pill entity
pill information
pill stimulation
pill artifact
pill contraceptive
pill device
pill entity
pill instrumentality
pill object
pill whole
pillar abstraction
pillar cognition
pillar content
pillar entity
pillar generalization
pillar idea
pillar principle
pillar advocate
pillar entity
pillar object
pillar organism
pillar person
pillar supporter
pillar whole
pillbox artifact
pillbox clothing
pillbox commodity
pillbox covering
pillbox entity
pillbox hat
pillbox headdress
pillbox object
pillbox whole
pillbox artifact
pillbox case
pillbox container
pillbox entity
pillbox instrumentality
pillbox object
pillbox whole
pillbox artifact
pillbox entity
pillbox facility
pillbox object
pillbox whole
pillow artifact
pillow cushion
pillow entity
pillow object
pillow whole
pillow move
pillow put
pilot entity
pilot object
pilot organism
pilot person
pilot whole
pilot worker
pilot entity
pilot mariner
pilot object
pilot organism
pilot person
pilot sailor
pilot whole
pilot worker
pimple abstraction
pimple acne
pimple attribute
pimple condition
pimple disease
pimple entity
pimple illness
pimple state
pin adornment
pin artifact
pin decoration
pin entity
pin jewelry
pin object
pin whole
pin entity
pin extremity
pin leg
pin limb
pin part
pin thing
pin artifact
pin entity
pin object
pin obstruction
pin structure
pin tumbler
pin whole
pin artifact
pin entity
pin equipment
pin instrumentality
pin object
pin whole
pin artifact
pin device
pin entity
pin fastener
pin instrumentality
pin object
pin restraint
pin whole
pin attach
pin connect
pin fasten
pin enter
pin penetrate
pin pierce
pin act
pin attack
pincer artifact
pincer entity
pincer implement
pincer instrumentality
pincer object
pincer tool
pincer whole
pinch abstraction
pinch attribute
pinch condition
pinch difficulty
pinch entity
pinch state
pinch abstraction
pinch attribute
pinch condition
pinch entity
pinch injury
pinch state
pinch abstraction
pinch act
pinch compression
pinch entity
pinch event
pinch press
pinch propulsion
pinch push
pinch squeeze
pinch grip
pinch seize
pinch take
pinch affect
pinch change
pinch irritate
pinch stimulate
pine conifer
pine entity
pine object
pine organism
pine plant
pine tree
pine whole
pine abstraction
pine entity
pine material
pine matter
pine part
pine relation
pine substance
pine wood
pineapple entity
pineapple herb
pineapple object
pineapple organism
pineapple plant
pineapple whole
pineapple entity
pineapple food
pineapple fruit
pineapple matter
pineapple object
pineapple produce
pineapple solid
pineapple whole
ping abstraction
ping entity
ping event
ping happening
ping sound
ping hit
ping touch
ping sound
ping act
ping communicate
ping interact
ping reach
ping act
ping communicate
ping interact
ping reach
pink abstraction
pink attribute
pink color
pink entity
pink property
pink entity
pink flower
pink object
pink organism
pink plant
pink whole
pink sound
pink cut
pink move
pink separate
pinnacle artifact
pinnacle entity
pinnacle object
pinnacle steeple
pinnacle structure
pinnacle tower
pinnacle whole
pinnacle entity
pinnacle location
pinnacle object
pinnacle peak
pinnacle point
pinnacle be
pinnacle head
pinnacle lie
pinnacle move
pinnacle raise
pinpoint abstraction
pinpoint entity
pinpoint measure
pinpoint moment
pinpoint point
pinpoint end
pinpoint entity
pinpoint extremity
pinpoint location
pinpoint object
pinpoint point
pinpoint region
pinpoint find
pinpoint get
pinpoint locate
pint abstraction
pint entity
pint measure
pint abstraction
pint entity
pint measure
pint abstraction
pint entity
pint measure
pioneer creator
pioneer entity
pioneer object
pioneer organism
pioneer originator
pioneer person
pioneer whole
pioneer entity
pioneer migrant
pioneer object
pioneer organism
pioneer person
pioneer settler
pioneer traveler
pioneer whole
pioneer cause
pioneer initiate
pioneer introduce
pioneer make
pioneer analyze
pioneer explore
pioneer investigate
pipe artifact
pipe conduit
pipe entity
pipe object
pipe passage
pipe tube
pipe way
pipe whole
pipe artifact
pipe conduit
pipe entity
pipe object
pipe passage
pipe tube
pipe way
pipe whole
pipe abstraction
pipe attribute
pipe cylinder
pipe entity
pipe shape
pipe artifact
pipe device
pipe entity
pipe instrumentality
pipe object
pipe whole
pipe move
pipe transport
pipe play
pipe sound
pipe change
pipe decorate
pipeline artifact
pipeline conduit
pipeline entity
pipeline object
pipeline passage
pipeline pipe
pipeline tube
pipeline way
pipeline whole
piping artifact
piping cord
piping entity
piping line
piping object
piping whole
piping abstraction
piping act
piping activity
piping cognition
piping content
piping discipline
piping diversion
piping entertainment
piping entity
piping event
piping performance
piping presentation
piping show
pirate criminal
pirate entity
pirate object
pirate organism
pirate person
pirate principal
pirate thief
pirate whole
pirate artifact
pirate conveyance
pirate craft
pirate entity
pirate instrumentality
pirate object
pirate ship
pirate vehicle
pirate vessel
pirate whole
pirate steal
pirate take
pistol artifact
pistol device
pistol entity
pistol gun
pistol instrumentality
pistol instrument
pistol object
pistol weapon
pistol whole
piston artifact
piston device
piston entity
piston instrumentality
piston mechanism
piston object
piston whole
pit entity
pit hole
pit object
pit abstraction
pit attribute
pit cavity
pit entity
pit part
pit shape
pit solid
pit structure
pit thing
pit area
pit artifact
pit enclosure
pit entity
pit object
pit structure
pit whole
pit area
pit artifact
pit entity
pit object
pit structure
pit whole
pit area
pit artifact
pit entity
pit object
pit structure
pit whole
pit artifact
pit device
pit entity
pit instrumentality
pit object
pit trap
pit whole
pit artifact
pit entity
pit excavation
pit object
pit whole
pit confront
pit meet
pit remove
pita bread
pita entity
pita food
pita foodstuff
pita matter
pita solid
pita substance
pitch abstraction
pitch attribute
pitch entity
pitch property
pitch abstraction
pitch act
pitch entity
pitch event
pitch propulsion
pitch throw
pitch entity
pitch location
pitch object
pitch point
pitch position
pitch abstraction
pitch entity
pitch gradient
pitch position
pitch relation
pitch abstraction
pitch chemical
pitch compound
pitch entity
pitch hydrocarbon
pitch material
pitch matter
pitch part
pitch relation
pitch substance
pitch abstraction
pitch act
pitch action
pitch approach
pitch change
pitch entity
pitch event
pitch maneuver
pitch motion
pitch stroke
pitch abstraction
pitch act
pitch activity
pitch entity
pitch event
pitch game
pitch abstraction
pitch act
pitch entity
pitch event
pitch propulsion
pitch throw
pitch descend
pitch travel
pitch change
pitch set
pitch move
pitch raise
pitch rear
pitch hit
pitch move
pitch deploy
pitch move
pitch play
pitch position
pitch put
pitcher athlete
pitcher contestant
pitcher entity
pitcher object
pitcher organism
pitcher person
pitcher player
pitcher thrower
pitcher whole
pitcher artifact
pitcher container
pitcher entity
pitcher instrumentality
pitcher object
pitcher vessel
pitcher whole
pitcher abstraction
pitcher entity
pitcher measure
pitcher entity
pitcher leaf
pitcher object
pitcher whole
pitcher abstraction
pitcher act
pitcher activity
pitcher entity
pitcher event
pitcher position
pitcher role
pitching abstraction
pitching act
pitching action
pitching entity
pitching event
pituitary entity
pituitary gland
pituitary organ
pituitary part
pituitary thing
pity abstraction
pity entity
pity event
pity happening
pity misfortune
pity trouble
pivot entity
pivot object
pivot organism
pivot pedestrian
pivot person
pivot traveler
pivot whole
pivot artifact
pivot axis
pivot device
pivot entity
pivot instrumentality
pivot mechanism
pivot object
pivot whole
pivot abstraction
pivot act
pivot action
pivot change
pivot entity
pivot event
pivot motion
pivot rotation
pivot move
pivot turn
pixel component
pixel entity
pixel object
pixel part
pizza dish
pizza entity
pizza food
pizza matter
pizza substance
pizzeria artifact
pizzeria entity
pizzeria establishment
pizzeria object
pizzeria shop
pizzeria structure
pizzeria whole
place entity
place location
place object
place region
place abstraction
place cognition
place entity
place area
place entity
place location
place object
place region
place section
place vicinity
place abstraction
place attribute
place condition
place entity
place situation
place state
place abstraction
place attribute
place entity
place state
place status
place abstraction
place communication
place entity
place music
place passage
place section
place writing
place abstraction
place attribute
place condition
place entity
place state
place abstraction
place entity
place item
place part
place relation
place appoint
place delegate
place communicate
place convey
place move
place order
place request
place transfer
place be
place rank
place appoint
place delegate
place calculate
place estimate
place reason
place think
place determine
place situate
place compete
place race
place act
place communicate
place interact
place sing
place talk
placebo agent
placebo drug
placebo entity
placebo matter
placebo medicine
placebo substance
placebo abstraction
placebo act
placebo activity
placebo ceremony
placebo entity
placebo event
placebo service
placeholder abstraction
placeholder communication
placeholder entity
placeholder signal
placeholder symbol
placeholder variable
placement abstraction
placement entity
placement position
placement relation
placement abstraction
placement act
placement action
placement contact
placement entity
placement event
placement interaction
placement abstraction
placement act
placement activity
placement entity
placement event
placenta entity
placenta object
placenta whole
placenta entity
placenta part
placenta structure
placenta thing
plagiarist criminal
plagiarist entity
plagiarist object
plagiarist organism
plagiarist person
plagiarist principal
plagiarist thief
plagiarist whole
plague abstraction
plague attribute
plague condition
plague disease
plague entity
plague illness
plague state
plague abstraction
plague attribute
plague condition
plague disease
plague entity
plague illness
plague state
plague abstraction
plague calamity
plague entity
plague event
plague happening
plague misfortune
plague trouble
plague abstraction
plague annoyance
plague cognition
plague entity
plague information
plague stimulation
plain entity
plain land
plain object
plan abstraction
plan cognition
plan content
plan entity
plan idea
plan artifact
plan creation
plan drawing
plan entity
plan object
plan representation
plan whole
plan intend
plan think
plan make
plane abstraction
plane attribute
plane entity
plane shape
plane abstraction
plane attribute
plane degree
plane entity
plane state
plane artifact
plane device
plane entity
plane implement
plane instrumentality
plane machine
plane object
plane tool
plane whole
plane artifact
plane cutter
plane entity
plane implement
plane instrumentality
plane object
plane tool
plane whole
plane cut
plane move
plane separate
plane glide
plane travel
plane change
plane smooth
planet entity
planet object
planet whole
planet entity
planet object
planet whole
planetarium artifact
planetarium building
planetarium entity
planetarium object
planetarium structure
planetarium whole
planetarium artifact
planetarium device
planetarium entity
planetarium instrumentality
planetarium object
planetarium whole
planetarium artifact
planetarium creation
planetarium entity
planetarium model
planetarium object
planetarium representation
planetarium whole
plank abstraction
plank argumentation
plank cognition
plank entity
plank policy
plank process
plank reasoning
plank thinking
plank cover
plank move
plank put
plank give
plank provide
plank serve
plank transfer
plankton entity
plankton object
plankton organism
plankton whole
planner entity
planner object
planner organism
planner person
planner whole
planner artifact
planner computer
planner device
planner entity
planner instrumentality
planner machine
planner notebook
planner object
planner whole
plant artifact
plant entity
plant object
plant structure
plant whole
plant entity
plant object
plant organism
plant whole
plant actor
plant entertainer
plant entity
plant object
plant organism
plant performer
plant person
plant whole
plant abstraction
plant cognition
plant content
plant entity
plant idea
plant plan
plant scheme
plant move
plant put
plant give
plant stock
plant supply
plant transfer
plant move
plant put
plant communicate
plant convey
plant move
plant transfer
plantain entity
plantain herb
plantain object
plantain organism
plantain plant
plantain whole
plantain banana
plantain entity
plantain herb
plantain object
plantain organism
plantain plant
plantain whole
plantain entity
plantain food
plantain matter
plantain produce
plantain solid
plantain vegetable
plantation abstraction
plantation entity
plantation estate
plantation possession
plantation property
plantation relation
plantation abstraction
plantation body
plantation colony
plantation entity
plantation group
planting abstraction
planting act
planting activity
planting entity
planting event
planting placement
planting abstraction
planting collection
planting entity
planting group
planting abstraction
planting act
planting commerce
planting cultivation
planting entity
planting event
planting farming
planting industry
planting production
planting transaction
plaque artifact
plaque decoration
plaque design
plaque entity
plaque marking
plaque object
plaque spot
plaque whole
plasma abstraction
plasma entity
plasma matter
plasma part
plasma relation
plasma substance
plasma abstraction
plasma crystal
plasma entity
plasma gem
plasma material
plasma matter
plasma mineral
plasma part
plasma quartz
plasma relation
plasma solid
plasma substance
plasma entity
plasma phenomenon
plasma process
plaster abstraction
plaster artifact
plaster entity
plaster matter
plaster mixture
plaster object
plaster part
plaster relation
plaster substance
plaster whole
plaster artifact
plaster entity
plaster object
plaster surface
plaster whole
plaster artifact
plaster entity
plaster object
plaster strip
plaster tape
plaster whole
plaster cover
plaster affix
plaster attach
plaster connect
plaster cover
plaster coat
plaster cover
plastic entity
plastic matter
plastic solid
plate artifact
plate entity
plate object
plate sheet
plate whole
plate artifact
plate creation
plate entity
plate illustration
plate object
plate representation
plate whole
plate article
plate artifact
plate entity
plate object
plate ware
plate whole
plate abstraction
plate entity
plate measure
plate crust
plate entity
plate layer
plate location
plate object
plate region
plate cut
plate entity
plate food
plate matter
plate meat
plate solid
plate course
plate entity
plate food
plate matter
plate substance
plate entity
plate part
plate structure
plate thing
plate artifact
plate conductor
plate device
plate electrode
plate entity
plate instrumentality
plate object
plate whole
plate artifact
plate entity
plate object
plate sheet
plate whole
plate artifact
plate device
plate entity
plate instrumentality
plate object
plate support
plate whole
plate artifact
plate container
plate entity
plate instrumentality
plate object
plate receptacle
plate whole
plate artifact
plate covering
plate entity
plate object
plate shield
plate whole
plate coat
plate cover
platelet abstraction
platelet entity
platelet matter
platelet part
platelet relation
platelet substance
platform artifact
platform entity
platform object
platform surface
platform whole
platform abstraction
platform communication
platform document
platform entity
platform writing
platform artifact
platform entity
platform instrumentality
platform object
platform system
platform whole
platform artifact
platform entity
platform object
platform structure
platform whole
plating artifact
plating coating
plating covering
plating entity
plating object
plating whole
plating abstraction
plating act
plating activity
plating application
plating entity
plating event
plating labor
plating work
platinum abstraction
platinum entity
platinum matter
platinum part
platinum relation
platinum substance
platoon abstraction
platoon entity
platoon group
platoon organization
platoon unit
platoon abstraction
platoon entity
platoon group
platoon organization
platoon team
platoon unit
platoon abstraction
platoon entity
platoon group
platypus animal
platypus entity
platypus mammal
platypus object
platypus organism
platypus vertebrate
platypus whole
play abstraction
play communication
play entity
play writing
play abstraction
play entity
play event
play show
play abstraction
play cognition
play content
play entity
play idea
play plan
play abstraction
play action
play attribute
play entity
play state
play abstraction
play act
play activity
play entity
play event
play use
play abstraction
play act
play activity
play diversion
play entity
play event
play abstraction
play act
play activity
play diversion
play entity
play event
play abstraction
play act
play action
play entity
play event
play compete
play act
play make
play perform
play act
play make
play sound
play travel
play compete
play gamble
play play
play dissemble
play sound
play make
play perform
play deploy
play move
play position
play put
play act
play exploit
play use
play move
play discharge
play spread
play bet
play compete
play gamble
play play
play hit
play move
play use
play change
play exhaust
play tire
playback abstraction
playback act
playback activity
playback continuance
playback entity
playback event
playback repetition
playback reproduction
playback artifact
playback entity
playback equipment
playback instrumentality
playback object
playback whole
playboy entity
playboy object
playboy organism
playboy person
playboy whole
player contestant
player entity
player object
player organism
player person
player whole
player entity
player object
player organism
player person
player whole
player associate
player entity
player object
player organism
player participant
player peer
player person
player whole
playground entity
playground field
playground location
playground object
playground region
playground tract
playground yard
playmate companion
playmate entity
playmate friend
playmate object
playmate organism
playmate person
playmate whole
playoff abstraction
playoff contest
playoff entity
playoff event
plaything artifact
plaything entity
plaything object
plaything whole
plaza entity
plaza location
plaza object
plaza region
plaza tract
plaza artifact
plaza entity
plaza establishment
plaza object
plaza structure
plaza whole
plea abstraction
plea answer
plea communication
plea entity
plea message
plea pleading
plea statement
plea abstraction
plea act
plea entity
plea event
plead appeal
plead communicate
plead convey
plead move
plead request
plead transfer
plead apologize
plead argue
plead defend
plead express
plead present
plead state
plead declare
plead express
plead state
plead allege
plead assert
plead insist
pleading abstraction
pleading communication
pleading entity
pleading message
pleading statement
please satisfy
please desire
please wish
please satisfy
pleasing abstraction
pleasing act
pleasing action
pleasing change
pleasing entity
pleasing event
pleasing gratification
pleasing satisfaction
pleasure abstraction
pleasure attribute
pleasure entity
pleasure feeling
pleasure state
pleasure abstraction
pleasure choice
pleasure cognition
pleasure entity
pleasure process
pleasure abstraction
pleasure act
pleasure activity
pleasure entity
pleasure event
pleasure entity
pleasure process
pledge abstraction
pledge assets
pledge entity
pledge interest
pledge possession
pledge relation
pledge share
pledge associate
pledge entity
pledge member
pledge object
pledge organism
pledge peer
pledge person
pledge whole
pledge abstraction
pledge drink
pledge entity
pledge helping
pledge measure
pledge declare
pledge express
pledge promise
pledge state
pledge donate
pledge give
pledge entrust
pledge pass
pledge transfer
pledge act
pledge interact
pledge relate
plenty abstraction
plenty abundance
plenty amount
plenty attribute
plenty entity
plenty magnitude
plenty property
plenty quantity
pliers artifact
pliers bar
pliers entity
pliers implement
pliers instrumentality
pliers lever
pliers object
pliers tool
pliers whole
plight abstraction
plight assurance
plight commitment
plight communication
plight entity
plight message
plop abstraction
plop entity
plop event
plop happening
plop noise
plop sound
plop drop
plop move
plop descend
plop travel
plot abstraction
plot cognition
plot content
plot entity
plot idea
plot plan
plot scheme
plot entity
plot location
plot object
plot region
plot tract
plot abstraction
plot communication
plot entity
plot fiction
plot story
plot writing
plot abstraction
plot chart
plot communication
plot entity
plot plan
plot think
plot make
plot plan
plow artifact
plow entity
plow implement
plow instrumentality
plow object
plow tool
plow whole
plow change
plow till
plow transform
plow work
plow travel
ploy abstraction
ploy act
ploy action
ploy choice
ploy decision
ploy entity
ploy event
ploy maneuver
ploy move
pluck abstraction
pluck act
pluck entity
pluck event
pluck propulsion
pluck pull
pluck move
pluck pull
pluck move
pluck pull
pluck remove
pluck strip
plug artifact
plug blockage
plug entity
plug object
plug obstruction
plug structure
plug whole
plug artifact
plug device
plug entity
plug instrumentality
plug object
plug whole
plug better
plug change
plug close
plug fill
plug repair
plug continue
plug keep
plug persevere
plug advertise
plug evaluate
plug measure
plug praise
plug think
plug insert
plug move
plug put
plug insert
plug move
plug put
plum entity
plum object
plum organism
plum plant
plum tree
plum whole
plum entity
plum food
plum fruit
plum matter
plum object
plum produce
plum solid
plum whole
plum abstraction
plum act
plum activity
plum entity
plum event
plum occupation
plum position
plume abstraction
plume attribute
plume entity
plume shape
plume adornment
plume artifact
plume decoration
plume entity
plume object
plume whole
plume change
plume deck
plume decorate
plume change
plume shape
plump abstraction
plump entity
plump event
plump happening
plump noise
plump sound
plump choose
plump decide
plunder take
plundering abstraction
plundering act
plundering action
plundering aggression
plundering entity
plundering event
plunge abstraction
plunge descent
plunge drop
plunge entity
plunge event
plunge gravitation
plunge happening
plunge movement
plunge dart
plunge rush
plunge travel
plunge descend
plunge drop
plunge travel
plunger artifact
plunger entity
plunger implement
plunger instrumentality
plunger object
plunger tool
plunger whole
plural abstraction
plural entity
plural form
plural part
plural relation
plural word
pluralism abstraction
pluralism entity
pluralism group
pluralism system
pluralism abstraction
pluralism belief
pluralism cognition
pluralism content
pluralism doctrine
pluralism entity
pluralism abstraction
pluralism act
pluralism activity
pluralism entity
pluralism event
pluralism practice
plurality abstraction
plurality attribute
plurality entity
plurality state
plurality abstraction
plurality entity
plurality measure
pluralization abstraction
pluralization entity
pluralization inflection
pluralization relation
plutonium abstraction
plutonium entity
plutonium matter
plutonium part
plutonium relation
plutonium substance
ply artifact
ply entity
ply line
ply object
ply strand
ply whole
ply artifact
ply entity
ply layer
ply object
ply whole
ply cause
ply change
ply complete
ply do
ply effect
ply end
ply make
ply travel
ply connect
ply join
ply handle
ply manipulate
ply touch
ply use
pneumonia abstraction
pneumonia attribute
pneumonia condition
pneumonia disease
pneumonia entity
pneumonia illness
pneumonia state
pocket artifact
pocket bag
pocket container
pocket entity
pocket instrumentality
pocket object
pocket pouch
pocket whole
pocket abstraction
pocket assets
pocket entity
pocket funds
pocket possession
pocket relation
pocket abstraction
pocket attribute
pocket entity
pocket location
pocket object
pocket shape
pocket space
pocket abstraction
pocket entity
pocket group
pocket people
pocket abstraction
pocket attribute
pocket entity
pocket location
pocket object
pocket opening
pocket shape
pocket space
pocket take
pocket steal
pocket take
pod covering
pod entity
pod husk
pod object
pod sheath
pod whole
pod entity
pod fruit
pod object
pod whole
pod abstraction
pod entity
pod group
pod artifact
pod container
pod entity
pod instrumentality
pod object
pod whole
pod remove
pod shell
pod change
pod grow
poem abstraction
poem communication
poem entity
poem writing
poet entity
poet object
poet organism
poet person
poet whole
poet writer
poetess entity
poetess object
poetess organism
poetess person
poetess poet
poetess whole
poetess writer
poetics abstraction
poetics cognition
poetics content
poetics discipline
poetics entity
poetry abstraction
poetry communication
poetry entity
poetry abstraction
poetry communication
poetry entity
point abstraction
point cognition
point component
point concept
point content
point entity
point idea
point part
point entity
point location
point object
point abstraction
point communication
point entity
point meaning
point message
point abstraction
point entity
point measure
point abstraction
point aim
point cognition
point content
point entity
point goal
point abstraction
point attribute
point entity
point shape
point solid
point abstraction
point attribute
point disk
point entity
point shape
point abstraction
point entity
point measure
point entity
point object
point abstraction
point connection
point entity
point relation
point relevance
point abstraction
point attribute
point characteristic
point entity
point quality
point end
point entity
point extremity
point location
point object
point region
point abstraction
point entity
point measure
point abstraction
point debt
point entity
point loan
point possession
point relation
point abstraction
point communication
point entity
point mark
point signal
point symbol
point abstraction
point attribute
point entity
point property
point shape
point taper
point abstraction
point attribute
point characteristic
point entity
point quality
point artifact
point entity
point object
point opening
point whole
point accessory
point component
point entity
point fitting
point object
point part
point receptacle
point attach
point connect
point tag
point attach
point connect
point tag
point attach
point connect
point tag
point be
point act
point communicate
point indicate
point inform
point interact
point better
point change
point repair
pointer artifact
pointer device
pointer entity
pointer indicator
pointer instrumentality
pointer object
pointer whole
pointer animal
pointer canine
pointer carnivore
pointer dog
pointer entity
pointer mammal
pointer object
pointer organism
pointer vertebrate
pointer whole
poise abstraction
poise entity
poise measure
poise abstraction
poise attribute
poise entity
poise equilibrium
poise situation
poise state
poise fly
poise hover
poise travel
poise move
poise put
poise hold
poison entity
poison matter
poison substance
poison abstraction
poison attribute
poison entity
poison quality
poison change
poison corrupt
poison kill
poison change
poison kill
poison drug
poison medicate
poison treat
poisoning abstraction
poisoning attribute
poisoning condition
poisoning entity
poisoning state
poisoning abstraction
poisoning act
poisoning action
poisoning change
poisoning entity
poisoning event
poisoning killing
poisoning termination
poke entity
poke herb
poke object
poke organism
poke plant
poke whole
poke agitate
poke move
poke enter
poke penetrate
poke pierce
poker artifact
poker entity
poker implement
poker instrumentality
poker object
poker whole
poker abstraction
poker act
poker activity
poker entity
poker event
poker game
polarity abstraction
polarity entity
polarity opposition
polarity relation
polarization entity
polarization phenomenon
polarization process
polarization abstraction
polarization attribute
polarization condition
polarization entity
polarization state
pole artifact
pole entity
pole implement
pole instrumentality
pole object
pole rod
pole whole
pole entity
pole inhabitant
pole object
pole organism
pole person
pole whole
pole abstraction
pole belief
pole cognition
pole content
pole entity
pole opinion
pole entity
pole location
pole object
pole point
pole entity
pole location
pole object
pole point
pole artifact
pole entity
pole implement
pole instrumentality
pole object
pole whole
pole end
pole entity
pole extremity
pole location
pole object
pole region
pole hold
pole change
police abstraction
police agency
police entity
police force
police group
police organization
police unit
policeman defender
policeman entity
policeman object
policeman organism
policeman person
policeman whole
policy abstraction
policy cognition
policy content
policy entity
policy idea
policy plan
policy abstraction
policy argumentation
policy cognition
policy entity
policy process
policy reasoning
policy thinking
policy abstraction
policy agreement
policy communication
policy contract
policy document
policy entity
policy message
policy statement
policy writing
polish abstraction
polish attribute
polish brightness
polish entity
polish light
polish property
polish radiance
polish smoothness
polish texture
polish abstraction
polish attribute
polish entity
polish perfection
polish state
polish abstraction
polish chemical
polish compound
polish entity
polish formulation
polish material
polish matter
polish part
polish relation
polish substance
polish abstraction
polish communication
polish entity
polish language
polish better
polish change
polish better
polish change
polish better
polish change
polish perfect
politeness abstraction
politeness attribute
politeness courtesy
politeness entity
politeness manner
politeness trait
politeness abstraction
politeness act
politeness action
politeness entity
politeness event
politician entity
politician leader
politician object
politician organism
politician person
politician whole
politician entity
politician leader
politician object
politician organism
politician person
politician whole
politician entity
politician object
politician organism
politician person
politician planner
politician whole
politics abstraction
politics entity
politics relation
politics abstraction
politics cognition
politics content
politics discipline
politics entity
politics science
politics abstraction
politics act
politics activity
politics entity
politics event
politics occupation
politics profession
politics abstraction
politics belief
politics cognition
politics content
politics entity
politics opinion
politics abstraction
politics act
politics activity
politics entity
politics event
politics transaction
polka abstraction
polka communication
polka entity
polka music
polka abstraction
polka act
polka activity
polka cognition
polka content
polka dancing
polka discipline
polka diversion
polka entity
polka event
polka dance
polka move
poll abstraction
poll cognition
poll entity
poll inquiry
poll process
poll thinking
poll boundary
poll entity
poll extremity
poll location
poll object
poll region
poll side
poll surface
poll top
poll animal
poll bird
poll entity
poll object
poll organism
poll parrot
poll vertebrate
poll whole
poll abstraction
poll act
poll activity
poll count
poll entity
poll event
poll investigation
poll work
poll analyze
poll survey
poll choose
poll decide
poll vote
poll get
poll change
poll decrease
poll reduce
poll snip
pollen entity
pollen object
pollen spore
pollen whole
pollination abstraction
pollination beginning
pollination creation
pollination entity
pollination event
pollination fertilization
pollination happening
pollinator animal
pollinator entity
pollinator insect
pollinator invertebrate
pollinator object
pollinator organism
pollinator whole
pollutant abstraction
pollutant entity
pollutant material
pollutant matter
pollutant part
pollutant relation
pollutant substance
pollutant waste
pollute change
pollute dirty
polluter entity
polluter object
polluter organism
polluter person
polluter whole
pollution abstraction
pollution attribute
pollution condition
pollution entity
pollution impurity
pollution state
polo abstraction
polo act
polo activity
polo diversion
polo entity
polo event
polo game
polo sport
polyethylene abstraction
polyethylene chemical
polyethylene compound
polyethylene entity
polyethylene material
polyethylene matter
polyethylene part
polyethylene polymer
polyethylene relation
polyethylene resin
polyethylene substance
polygamy abstraction
polygamy attribute
polygamy entity
polygamy marriage
polygamy state
polygamy status
polygon abstraction
polygon attribute
polygon entity
polygon figure
polygon shape
polymer abstraction
polymer chemical
polymer compound
polymer entity
polymer material
polymer matter
polymer part
polymer relation
polymer substance
polyp abstraction
polyp attribute
polyp condition
polyp entity
polyp growth
polyp illness
polyp state
polyp animal
polyp entity
polyp invertebrate
polyp object
polyp organism
polyp whole
polystyrene abstraction
polystyrene chemical
polystyrene compound
polystyrene entity
polystyrene material
polystyrene matter
polystyrene part
polystyrene polymer
polystyrene relation
polystyrene resin
polystyrene substance
polytheism abstraction
polytheism attribute
polytheism belief
polytheism cognition
polytheism content
polytheism entity
polytheism good
polytheism morality
polytheism quality
polytheism religion
polytheism theism
polytheism virtue
pomegranate entity
pomegranate object
pomegranate organism
pomegranate plant
pomegranate tree
pomegranate whole
pomegranate entity
pomegranate food
pomegranate fruit
pomegranate matter
pomegranate object
pomegranate produce
pomegranate solid
pomegranate whole
pomp abstraction
pomp attribute
pomp elegance
pomp entity
pomp quality
pompadour covering
pompadour entity
pompadour hair
pompadour object
pompadour whole
pompadour make
pompadour style
pond entity
pond lake
pond thing
pontoon artifact
pontoon barge
pontoon boat
pontoon conveyance
pontoon craft
pontoon entity
pontoon instrumentality
pontoon object
pontoon vehicle
pontoon vessel
pontoon whole
pontoon artifact
pontoon entity
pontoon float
pontoon object
pontoon whole
pony animal
pony entity
pony horse
pony mammal
pony object
pony organism
pony vertebrate
pony whole
pony animal
pony entity
pony horse
pony mammal
pony object
pony organism
pony vertebrate
pony whole
pony abstraction
pony communication
pony entity
pony evidence
pony indication
pony record
pony translation
pony animal
pony entity
pony horse
pony mammal
pony object
pony organism
pony vertebrate
pony whole
poodle animal
poodle canine
poodle carnivore
poodle dog
poodle entity
poodle mammal
poodle object
poodle organism
poodle vertebrate
poodle whole
pool artifact
pool entity
pool excavation
pool object
pool whole
pool abstraction
pool entity
pool group
pool organization
pool abstraction
pool accumulation
pool assets
pool entity
pool gain
pool income
pool possession
pool relation
pool reserve
pool sum
pool entity
pool thing
pool abstraction
pool assets
pool entity
pool gamble
pool investment
pool possession
pool relation
pool speculation
pool stake
pool entity
pool location
pool object
pool point
pool abstraction
pool act
pool activity
pool entity
pool event
pool game
pool share
pool use
pool act
pool group
pool interact
pool meet
poorness abstraction
poorness attribute
poorness entity
poorness fruitlessness
poorness quality
poorness abstraction
poorness attribute
poorness degree
poorness entity
poorness inferiority
poorness property
poorness quality
pop abstraction
pop beverage
pop entity
pop fluid
pop food
pop liquid
pop matter
pop part
pop relation
pop substance
pop abstraction
pop entity
pop event
pop happening
pop sound
pop hit
pop move
pop sound
pop fire
pop sound
pop move
pop put
pop throw
pop hit
pop touch
pop consume
pop drug
pop inject
pop collapse
pop break
pop burst
pop change
popcorn cereal
popcorn corn
popcorn entity
popcorn grass
popcorn herb
popcorn object
popcorn organism
popcorn plant
popcorn whole
popcorn corn
popcorn entity
popcorn food
popcorn foodstuff
popcorn grain
popcorn matter
popcorn substance
pope catholic
pope entity
pope leader
pope object
pope organism
pope person
pope whole
poplar abstraction
poplar entity
poplar material
poplar matter
poplar part
poplar relation
poplar substance
poplar wood
poplar entity
poplar object
poplar organism
poplar plant
poplar tree
poplar whole
popper entity
popper intellectual
popper object
popper organism
popper person
popper philosopher
popper scholar
popper whole
popper agent
popper drug
popper entity
popper matter
popper stimulant
popper substance
popper artifact
popper cooker
popper entity
popper implement
popper instrumentality
popper object
popper utensil
popper whole
poppy entity
poppy flower
poppy object
poppy organism
poppy plant
poppy whole
populace abstraction
populace entity
populace group
populace people
popularity abstraction
popularity attribute
popularity entity
popularity quality
popularization abstraction
popularization communication
popularization entity
popularization explanation
popularization interpretation
popularization message
popularization statement
popularization abstraction
popularization act
popularization action
popularization change
popularization degradation
popularization entity
popularization event
popularize act
popularize circulate
popularize communicate
popularize inform
popularize interact
popularize publicize
popularize tell
popularize adapt
popularize change
popularize gear
populate be
populate change
populate fill
population abstraction
population entity
population group
population people
population abstraction
population entity
population group
population abstraction
population collection
population entity
population group
population abstraction
population entity
population integer
population measure
population number
population abstraction
population act
population action
population beginning
population change
population colonization
population constitution
population entity
population event
porcelain artifact
porcelain entity
porcelain implement
porcelain instrumentality
porcelain object
porcelain utensil
porcelain whole
porch artifact
porch entity
porch object
porch structure
porch whole
porcupine animal
porcupine entity
porcupine mammal
porcupine object
porcupine organism
porcupine rodent
porcupine vertebrate
porcupine whole
pore abstraction
pore attribute
pore entity
pore hole
pore location
pore object
pore shape
pore space
pore duct
pore entity
pore part
pore passage
pore structure
pore thing
pork entity
pork food
pork matter
pork meat
pork solid
pornography abstraction
pornography act
pornography activity
pornography creation
pornography entity
pornography event
porridge dish
porridge entity
porridge food
porridge matter
porridge substance
port entity
port location
port object
port point
port abstraction
port agent
port alcohol
port beverage
port drug
port entity
port fluid
port food
port liquid
port matter
port part
port relation
port substance
port wine
port artifact
port entity
port object
port opening
port whole
port move
port turn
port arrive
port land
port move
port turn
port move
port transport
port move
port transport
port consume
port drink
port change
portable artifact
portable device
portable entity
portable instrumentality
portable machine
portable object
portable printer
portable typewriter
portable whole
portal access
portal artifact
portal entity
portal entrance
portal object
portal way
portal whole
porter employee
porter entity
porter laborer
porter object
porter organism
porter person
porter whole
porter worker
porter workman
porter employee
porter entity
porter object
porter organism
porter person
porter whole
porter worker
porter abstraction
porter agent
porter alcohol
porter ale
porter beer
porter beverage
porter brew
porter drug
porter entity
porter fluid
porter food
porter liquid
porter matter
porter part
porter relation
porter substance
porter move
porter transport
portfolio artifact
portfolio case
portfolio container
portfolio entity
portfolio instrumentality
portfolio object
portfolio whole
portfolio abstraction
portfolio collection
portfolio entity
portfolio group
portfolio set
portfolio abstraction
portfolio communication
portfolio database
portfolio entity
portfolio information
portfolio list
portfolio message
portfolio abstraction
portfolio act
portfolio activity
portfolio duty
portfolio entity
portfolio event
portfolio function
portfolio work
porthole artifact
porthole entity
porthole framework
porthole object
porthole structure
porthole whole
porthole window
portrait artifact
portrait creation
portrait entity
portrait likeness
portrait object
portrait picture
portrait representation
portrait whole
portray express
portray represent
portray make
portray represent
portray make
portray represent
portrayal abstraction
portrayal communication
portrayal description
portrayal entity
portrayal message
portrayal statement
portrayal abstraction
portrayal act
portrayal acting
portrayal activity
portrayal cognition
portrayal content
portrayal discipline
portrayal entity
portrayal event
pose abstraction
pose attribute
pose entity
pose position
pose property
pose act
pose communicate
pose deceive
pose inform
pose interact
pose act
pose behave
pose hold
position entity
position location
position object
position point
position abstraction
position attitude
position cognition
position entity
position orientation
position abstraction
position attribute
position entity
position property
position abstraction
position act
position activity
position entity
position event
position occupation
position abstraction
position entity
position relation
position entity
position location
position object
position point
position abstraction
position act
position activity
position entity
position event
position role
position abstraction
position attitude
position cognition
position entity
position abstraction
position act
position assumption
position entity
position event
position move
position put
positive abstraction
positive adjective
positive adverb
positive entity
positive modifier
positive part
positive relation
positive word
positive artifact
positive entity
positive equipment
positive film
positive instrumentality
positive object
positive whole
positivism abstraction
positivism belief
positivism cognition
positivism content
positivism doctrine
positivism entity
positivity abstraction
positivity entity
positivity opposition
positivity polarity
positivity relation
positivity abstraction
positivity attribute
positivity entity
positivity quality
positivity abstraction
positivity amount
positivity attribute
positivity entity
positivity magnitude
positivity property
possess have
possess affect
possess change
possess dominate
possess influence
possession abstraction
possession act
possession activity
possession control
possession entity
possession event
possession abstraction
possession entity
possession relation
possession abstraction
possession attribute
possession condition
possession enchantment
possession entity
possession state
possession district
possession entity
possession location
possession object
possession region
possession abstraction
possession act
possession activity
possession control
possession entity
possession event
possibility abstraction
possibility belief
possibility cognition
possibility content
possibility entity
possibility expectation
possibility abstraction
possibility attribute
possibility being
possibility entity
possibility state
possibility abstraction
possibility cognition
possibility entity
possibility option
possibility process
possible abstraction
possible cognition
possible entity
possible option
possible possibility
possible process
possible applicant
possible entity
possible object
possible organism
possible person
possible whole
post entity
post location
post object
post point
post position
post artifact
post device
post entity
post instrumentality
post object
post support
post upright
post whole
post abstraction
post communication
post entity
post signal
post abstraction
post act
post action
post change
post delivery
post entity
post event
post movement
post transportation
post affix
post attach
post connect
post act
post announce
post communicate
post inform
post interact
post appoint
post delegate
post have
post keep
post record
post save
post have
post keep
post list
post record
post register
post save
post move
post transfer
post ride
post travel
post install
post move
post put
post call
post designate
post label
postage abstraction
postage charge
postage cost
postage entity
postage possession
postage relation
postage abstraction
postage communication
postage entity
postage signal
postage symbol
postage token
postcard abstraction
postcard card
postcard communication
postcard correspondence
postcard entity
postcard mail
postcard message
poster abstraction
poster communication
poster entity
poster sign
posterity abstraction
posterity entity
posterity generation
posterity group
posting abstraction
posting communication
posting database
posting entity
posting information
posting list
posting message
postpone act
postpone delay
postpone wait
postscript abstraction
postscript comment
postscript communication
postscript entity
postscript message
postscript note
postscript statement
postulate abstraction
postulate communication
postulate entity
postulate message
postulate proposition
postulate statement
postulate assume
postulate evaluate
postulate expect
postulate presuppose
postulate think
pot artifact
pot container
pot entity
pot implement
pot instrumentality
pot object
pot utensil
pot vessel
pot whole
pot abstraction
pot entity
pot measure
pot artifact
pot container
pot entity
pot instrumentality
pot object
pot whole
pot abstraction
pot assets
pot entity
pot gamble
pot investment
pot possession
pot relation
pot speculation
pot stake
pot belly
pot entity
pot part
pot thing
pot tissue
pot agent
pot cannabis
pot drug
pot entity
pot matter
pot narcotic
pot substance
pot attach
pot connect
pot implant
pot insert
potassium abstraction
potassium entity
potassium matter
potassium part
potassium relation
potassium substance
potato entity
potato food
potato foodstuff
potato matter
potato produce
potato solid
potato substance
potato vegetable
potato entity
potato object
potato organism
potato plant
potato vine
potato whole
potency abstraction
potency attribute
potency entity
potency power
potency quality
potency abstraction
potency attribute
potency condition
potency entity
potency state
potential abstraction
potential attribute
potential being
potential entity
potential possibility
potential state
potion abstraction
potion beverage
potion entity
potion fluid
potion food
potion liquid
potion matter
potion part
potion relation
potion substance
potter craftsman
potter entity
potter object
potter organism
potter person
potter whole
potter worker
potter busy
potter work
pottery artifact
pottery entity
pottery implement
pottery instrumentality
pottery object
pottery utensil
pottery whole
pottery abstraction
pottery act
pottery activity
pottery entity
pottery event
pottery occupation
pottery trade
pottery entity
pottery location
pottery object
pottery point
pottery workplace
pottery workshop
pouch artifact
pouch bag
pouch container
pouch entity
pouch instrumentality
pouch object
pouch whole
pouch abstraction
pouch attribute
pouch cavity
pouch entity
pouch location
pouch object
pouch shape
pouch space
pouch cavity
pouch entity
pouch part
pouch structure
pouch thing
pouch bag
pouch enclose
pouch pack
pouch surround
pouch touch
pouch mail
pouch move
pouch send
pouch transmit
poultry bird
poultry entity
poultry food
poultry matter
poultry meat
poultry solid
pound abstraction
pound entity
pound measure
pound abstraction
pound entity
pound measure
pound abstraction
pound entity
pound measure
pound abstraction
pound communication
pound entity
pound signal
pound symbol
pound area
pound artifact
pound enclosure
pound entity
pound object
pound structure
pound whole
pound change
pound partition
pound separate
pound change
pound disable
pound restrain
pound break
pound change
pounder abstraction
pounder entity
pounder measure
pour move
pour act
pour crowd
pour interact
pour meet
pour move
pour run
pour give
pour supply
pour transfer
pour precipitate
pour rain
poverty abstraction
poverty attribute
poverty condition
poverty entity
poverty state
powder entity
powder matter
powder solid
powder agent
powder artifact
powder drug
powder entity
powder instrumentality
powder matter
powder medicine
powder object
powder substance
powder whole
powder better
powder change
powder groom
power abstraction
power attribute
power entity
power quality
power entity
power phenomenon
power process
power entity
power give
power provide
power transfer
powerhouse actor
powerhouse entity
powerhouse object
powerhouse organism
powerhouse person
powerhouse whole
powerhouse abstraction
powerhouse entity
powerhouse group
powerhouse organization
powerhouse team
powerhouse unit
pox abstraction
pox attribute
pox condition
pox disease
pox entity
pox illness
pox state
practicability abstraction
practicability attribute
practicability entity
practicability quality
practicability utility
practicality abstraction
practicality attribute
practicality entity
practicality quality
practicality utility
practice abstraction
practice act
practice activity
practice entity
practice event
practice abstraction
practice act
practice entity
practice event
practice implementation
practice abstraction
practice act
practice activity
practice entity
practice event
practice use
practice abstraction
practice cognition
practice entity
practitioner adult
practitioner entity
practitioner object
practitioner organism
practitioner person
practitioner professional
practitioner whole
pragmatism abstraction
pragmatism belief
pragmatism cognition
pragmatism content
pragmatism doctrine
pragmatism entity
prairie abstraction
prairie community
prairie entity
prairie grassland
prairie group
prairie location
prairie object
prairie region
prairie tract
praise abstraction
praise approval
praise communication
praise entity
praise message
praise abstraction
praise act
praise activity
praise entity
praise event
praise worship
praise evaluate
praise measure
praise think
prank change
prank decorate
prank change
prank dress
prawn entity
prawn food
prawn matter
prawn seafood
prawn solid
prawn animal
prawn crustacean
prawn entity
prawn invertebrate
prawn object
prawn organism
prawn whole
prawn catch
prawn fish
prawn seize
prawn take
pray act
pray commune
pray communicate
pray interact
prayer abstraction
prayer act
prayer activity
prayer entity
prayer event
prayer worship
prayer abstraction
prayer act
prayer entity
prayer event
prayer request
prayer abstraction
prayer communication
prayer entity
prayer writing
prayer entity
prayer object
prayer organism
prayer person
prayer whole
preach act
preach communicate
preach inform
preach interact
preach lecture
preach teach
preach act
preach communicate
preach interact
preach talk
preach urge
preacher clergyman
preacher entity
preacher leader
preacher object
preacher organism
preacher person
preacher whole
preamble abstraction
preamble communication
preamble entity
preamble introduction
preamble music
preamble section
preamble writing
preamble express
preamble precede
preamble state
precaution abstraction
precaution act
precaution action
precaution choice
precaution decision
precaution entity
precaution event
precaution maneuver
precaution measure
precaution move
precaution abstraction
precaution attribute
precaution circumspection
precaution discretion
precaution entity
precaution trait
precaution wisdom
precede be
precede lie
precede travel
precede express
precede state
precedence abstraction
precedence attribute
precedence entity
precedence state
precedence status
precedent abstraction
precedent cognition
precedent entity
precedent example
precedent information
precedent abstraction
precedent communication
precedent entity
precedent message
precedent subject
precession abstraction
precession attribute
precession entity
precession motion
precession state
precession abstraction
precession act
precession activity
precession entity
precession event
precinct district
precinct entity
precinct location
precinct object
precinct region
precipitate entity
precipitate matter
precipitate solid
precipitate cause
precipitate effect
precipitate make
precipitate change
precipitate descend
precipitate travel
precipitate move
precipitate throw
precipitation abstraction
precipitation entity
precipitation measure
precipitation entity
precipitation process
precipitation entity
precipitation phenomenon
precipitation process
precipitation weather
precipitation abstraction
precipitation descent
precipitation drop
precipitation entity
precipitation event
precipitation gravitation
precipitation happening
precipitation movement
precipitation abstraction
precipitation acceleration
precipitation change
precipitation entity
precipitation event
precipitation happening
precondition abstraction
precondition act
precondition duty
precondition entity
precondition event
precondition prerequisite
precondition change
precondition fix
precursor abstraction
precursor entity
precursor material
precursor matter
precursor part
precursor relation
precursor substance
precursor entity
precursor object
precursor organism
precursor person
precursor whole
predator animal
predator entity
predator object
predator organism
predator whole
predecessor entity
predecessor object
predecessor organism
predecessor person
predecessor precursor
predecessor whole
predicament abstraction
predicament attribute
predicament condition
predicament difficulty
predicament entity
predicament state
predicate abstraction
predicate arrangement
predicate communication
predicate constituent
predicate entity
predicate group
predicate language
predicate sequence
predicate series
predicate string
predicate term
predicate abstraction
predicate arrangement
predicate communication
predicate constituent
predicate construction
predicate entity
predicate group
predicate language
predicate phrase
predicate sequence
predicate series
predicate string
predicate be
predicate relate
predicate assert
predicate insist
predict guess
predict reason
predict speculate
predict think
predictability abstraction
predictability attribute
predictability certainty
predictability entity
predictability quality
prediction abstraction
prediction cognition
prediction entity
prediction process
prediction reasoning
prediction thinking
prediction abstraction
prediction communication
prediction entity
prediction message
prediction statement
predispose cause
predispose determine
predispose dispose
predispose make
predisposition abstraction
predisposition attitude
predisposition cognition
predisposition entity
predisposition inclination
predisposition abstraction
predisposition attribute
predisposition disposition
predisposition entity
predisposition property
predominance abstraction
predominance attribute
predominance condition
predominance dominance
predominance entity
predominance state
prefect administrator
prefect entity
prefect head
prefect leader
prefect object
prefect organism
prefect person
prefect whole
prefer like
prefer appoint
prefer delegate
prefer promote
prefer give
prefer pay
prefer transfer
preference abstraction
preference attribute
preference entity
preference feeling
preference liking
preference state
preference abstraction
preference cognition
preference entity
preference option
preference process
preference abstraction
preference advantage
preference asset
preference attribute
preference entity
preference quality
prefix abstraction
prefix affix
prefix entity
prefix part
prefix relation
prefix affix
prefix attach
prefix connect
pregnancy abstraction
pregnancy attribute
pregnancy condition
pregnancy entity
pregnancy state
prehistory abstraction
prehistory entity
prehistory measure
prejudice determine
prejudice disadvantage
prejudice discriminate
prejudice distinguish
prejudice identify
prejudice affect
prejudice change
prejudice influence
preliminary abstraction
preliminary contest
preliminary entity
preliminary event
preliminary abstraction
preliminary beginning
preliminary entity
preliminary event
preliminary happening
preliminary origin
prelude abstraction
prelude communication
prelude entity
prelude music
prelude equal
prelude match
prelude meet
prelude satisfy
prelude serve
prelude suffice
prelude make
prelude play
premeditate act
premeditate communicate
premeditate consider
premeditate interact
premeditate talk
premeditate think
premier perform
premiere abstraction
premiere entity
premiere event
premiere performance
premiere show
premise abstraction
premise communication
premise entity
premise message
premise postulate
premise proposition
premise statement
premise act
premise clarify
premise communicate
premise elaborate
premise explain
premise inform
premise interact
premise assume
premise evaluate
premise expect
premise presuppose
premise think
premises entity
premises location
premises object
premises region
premises site
premises tract
premium abstraction
premium cost
premium entity
premium payment
premium possession
premium relation
premium abstraction
premium entity
premium measure
premium value
premium abstraction
premium acquisition
premium bonus
premium cost
premium entity
premium gift
premium payment
premium possession
premium prize
premium relation
preparation abstraction
preparation act
preparation activity
preparation entity
preparation event
preparation abstraction
preparation communication
preparation entity
preparation harmony
preparation music
prepare make
prepare better
prepare change
prepare educate
prepare sound
preposition abstraction
preposition entity
preposition part
preposition relation
preposition word
preposition abstraction
preposition entity
preposition item
preposition part
preposition place
preposition relation
prerequisite abstraction
prerequisite act
prerequisite duty
prerequisite entity
prerequisite event
prerogative abstraction
prerogative cognition
prerogative concept
prerogative content
prerogative entity
prerogative idea
prerogative right
preschool abstraction
preschool entity
preschool group
preschool institution
preschool organization
prescription abstraction
prescription communication
prescription direction
prescription entity
prescription message
prescription abstraction
prescription communication
prescription entity
prescription abstraction
prescription communication
prescription entity
presence abstraction
presence attribute
presence being
presence entity
presence state
presence area
presence entity
presence location
presence object
presence proximity
presence region
presence section
presence vicinity
presence abstraction
presence belief
presence cognition
presence content
presence entity
presence spirit
presence abstraction
presence cognition
presence content
presence entity
presence idea
presence impression
presence abstraction
presence act
presence attendance
presence entity
presence event
present abstraction
present attribute
present entity
present time
present abstraction
present acquisition
present entity
present gift
present possession
present relation
present abstraction
present class
present collection
present entity
present group
present tense
present express
present state
present give
present transfer
present constitute
present act
present communicate
present inform
present interact
present introduce
presentation abstraction
presentation act
presentation activity
presentation ceremony
presentation entity
presentation event
presentation abstraction
presentation act
presentation activity
presentation diversion
presentation entertainment
presentation entity
presentation event
presentation show
presentation abstraction
presentation communication
presentation display
presentation entity
presentation abstraction
presentation act
presentation entity
presentation event
presentation proposal
presentation abstraction
presentation act
presentation entity
presentation event
presentation abstraction
presentation attribute
presentation entity
presentation position
presentation property
presenter entity
presenter object
presenter organism
presenter person
presenter whole
presenter advocate
presenter entity
presenter object
presenter organism
presenter person
presenter whole
preservation abstraction
preservation act
preservation activity
preservation entity
preservation event
preservation protection
preservation abstraction
preservation attribute
preservation condition
preservation entity
preservation state
preservation entity
preservation process
preservative abstraction
preservative chemical
preservative compound
preservative entity
preservative material
preservative matter
preservative part
preservative relation
preservative substance
preserve abstraction
preserve attribute
preserve entity
preserve environment
preserve situation
preserve sphere
preserve state
preserve district
preserve entity
preserve location
preserve object
preserve region
preserve reservation
preserve cook
preserve make
preserve keep
preside control
presidency abstraction
presidency entity
presidency measure
presidency tenure
presidency term
presidency abstraction
presidency act
presidency activity
presidency entity
presidency event
presidency occupation
presidency position
president administrator
president entity
president executive
president head
president leader
president object
president organism
president person
president whole
president entity
president negotiator
president object
president organism
president person
president representative
president whole
president entity
president leader
president object
president organism
president person
president whole
president administrator
president entity
president head
president leader
president object
president organism
president person
president whole
press artifact
press entity
press instrumentality
press medium
press object
press whole
press artifact
press device
press entity
press instrumentality
press machine
press object
press whole
press artifact
press clamp
press device
press entity
press instrumentality
press object
press whole
press artifact
press device
press entity
press instrumentality
press machine
press object
press whole
press abstraction
press act
press activity
press bodybuilding
press effort
press entity
press event
press exercise
press labor
press work
press abstraction
press act
press entity
press event
press propulsion
press push
press touch
press change
press flatten
press act
press crowd
press interact
press mass
press meet
press make
press be
press cast
press make
press shape
press move
press push
pressing entity
pressing object
pressing part
pressure entity
pressure phenomenon
pressure process
pressure abstraction
pressure attribute
pressure entity
pressure force
pressure influence
pressure power
pressure quality
pressure abstraction
pressure cognition
pressure entity
pressure perception
pressure process
pressure abstraction
pressure adversity
pressure attribute
pressure condition
pressure distress
pressure entity
pressure fortune
pressure misfortune
pressure state
pressurize keep
pressurize adjust
pressurize change
prestige abstraction
prestige attribute
prestige entity
prestige standing
prestige state
prestige status
presume act
presume communicate
presume inform
presume interact
presume testify
presume act
presumption abstraction
presumption cognition
presumption entity
presumption inference
presumption process
presumption reasoning
presumption thinking
presumption abstraction
presumption aggressiveness
presumption attribute
presumption audacity
presumption boldness
presumption drive
presumption entity
presumption trait
presumption abstraction
presumption act
presumption activity
presumption behavior
presumption entity
presumption event
presuppose assume
presuppose evaluate
presuppose expect
presuppose think
presuppose act
presuppose communicate
presuppose convey
presuppose express
presuppose impart
presuppose imply
presuppose inform
presuppose interact
presuppose tell
pretend claim
pretend communicate
pretend convey
pretend move
pretend request
pretend transfer
pretense abstraction
pretense act
pretense activity
pretense deception
pretense entity
pretense event
pretense falsification
pretense abstraction
pretense communication
pretense entity
pretense falsehood
pretense message
pretense misrepresentation
pretense statement
pretense abstraction
pretense cognition
pretense entity
pretense imagination
pretense process
pretension abstraction
pretension attribute
pretension entity
pretension quality
pretension abstraction
pretension assertion
pretension claim
pretension communication
pretension declaration
pretension entity
pretension message
pretension statement
pretentiousness abstraction
pretentiousness attribute
pretentiousness entity
pretentiousness quality
pretext abstraction
pretext communication
pretext entity
pretext falsehood
pretext message
pretext misrepresentation
pretext pretense
pretext statement
pretzel bread
pretzel cracker
pretzel entity
pretzel food
pretzel foodstuff
pretzel matter
pretzel solid
pretzel substance
prevail exist
prevail be
prevail continue
prevail win
prevail induce
prevail persuade
prevalence abstraction
prevalence attribute
prevalence entity
prevalence generality
prevalence quality
prevalence abstraction
prevalence entity
prevalence ratio
prevalence relation
prevention abstraction
prevention act
prevention entity
prevention event
prevention hindrance
preventive agent
preventive drug
preventive entity
preventive matter
preventive medicine
preventive remedy
preventive substance
preview abstraction
preview ad
preview communication
preview entity
preview message
preview promotion
preview abstraction
preview communication
preview display
preview entity
preview screening
preview watch
prey entity
prey object
prey organism
prey person
prey unfortunate
prey victim
prey whole
prey animal
prey entity
prey object
prey organism
prey whole
prey exploit
prey use
price abstraction
price cost
price entity
price possession
price relation
price abstraction
price attribute
price entity
price quality
price value
price worth
price abstraction
price attribute
price entity
price quality
price worth
price abstraction
price communication
price entity
price message
price offer
price reward
price abstraction
price cost
price entity
price possession
price relation
price determine
price ascertain
price learn
prick abstraction
prick act
prick activity
prick entity
prick event
prick puncture
prick hurt
prick perceive
prick arouse
prick make
pride abstraction
pride attribute
pride entity
pride feeling
pride state
pride abstraction
pride attribute
pride contentment
pride entity
pride feeling
pride happiness
pride satisfaction
pride state
pride abstraction
pride attribute
pride entity
pride trait
pride abstraction
pride entity
pride group
pride abstraction
pride act
pride activity
pride entity
pride event
pride sin
pride transgression
pride feel
priest abstraction
priest attribute
priest clergyman
priest entity
priest leader
priest object
priest organism
priest person
priest state
priest status
priest whole
priest entity
priest leader
priest object
priest organism
priest person
priest whole
priestess abstraction
priestess attribute
priestess clergyman
priestess entity
priestess leader
priestess object
priestess organism
priestess person
priestess priest
priestess state
priestess status
priestess whole
priesthood abstraction
priesthood body
priesthood entity
priesthood group
priesthood profession
prim change
prim compress
prim tighten
prim change
prim dress
primacy abstraction
primacy attribute
primacy entity
primacy importance
primacy standing
primacy state
primacy status
primary abstraction
primary act
primary election
primary entity
primary event
primary vote
primary abstraction
primary covering
primary entity
primary feather
primary material
primary matter
primary object
primary part
primary relation
primary substance
primary whole
primary entity
primary object
primary whole
primate animal
primate entity
primate mammal
primate object
primate organism
primate vertebrate
primate whole
primates abstraction
primates entity
primates group
primates order
prime abstraction
prime entity
prime measure
prime number
prime abstraction
prime cognition
prime entity
prime hour
prime information
prime reading
prime abstraction
prime adulthood
prime entity
prime measure
prime change
prime fix
prime coat
prime cover
prime paint
prime change
prime fill
primer artifact
primer book
primer creation
primer entity
primer object
primer product
primer publication
primer textbook
primer whole
primer work
primitive entity
primitive object
primitive organism
primitive person
primitive whole
primitive abstraction
primitive communication
primitive entity
primitive formula
primitive message
primitive statement
primitive abstraction
primitive entity
primitive part
primitive relation
primitive word
primrose entity
primrose herb
primrose object
primrose organism
primrose plant
primrose whole
prince aristocrat
prince entity
prince leader
prince object
prince organism
prince person
prince whole
princedom abstraction
princedom attribute
princedom entity
princedom rank
princedom state
princedom status
princess aristocrat
princess entity
princess leader
princess object
princess organism
princess person
princess whole
principal abstraction
principal debt
principal entity
principal possession
principal relation
principal adult
principal educator
principal entity
principal object
principal organism
principal person
principal professional
principal whole
principal abstraction
principal assets
principal capital
principal entity
principal possession
principal relation
principal entity
principal object
principal organism
principal person
principal whole
principal capitalist
principal entity
principal financier
principal object
principal organism
principal person
principal whole
principality domain
principality entity
principality location
principality object
principality region
principle abstraction
principle cognition
principle content
principle entity
principle generalization
principle idea
principle abstraction
principle cognition
principle content
principle entity
principle idea
principle ideal
principle value
principle abstraction
principle cognition
principle concept
principle content
principle entity
principle idea
principle law
principle abstraction
principle cognition
principle concept
principle content
principle entity
principle idea
principle law
principle abstraction
principle communication
principle direction
principle entity
principle message
principle rule
print abstraction
print communication
print entity
print art
print artifact
print creation
print entity
print object
print whole
print abstraction
print attribute
print convenience
print entity
print handiness
print quality
print suitability
print artifact
print copy
print creation
print entity
print object
print representation
print whole
print artifact
print entity
print fabric
print object
print whole
print produce
print change
print mark
print trace
print write
print produce
print reproduce
print change
print mark
print trace
print write
printer entity
printer object
printer organism
printer person
printer whole
printer worker
printer artifact
printer device
printer entity
printer equipment
printer instrumentality
printer machine
printer object
printer peripheral
printer printer
printer whole
printer artifact
printer device
printer entity
printer instrumentality
printer machine
printer object
printer whole
printing abstraction
printing communication
printing entity
printing writing
printing abstraction
printing act
printing commerce
printing entity
printing event
printing transaction
printing abstraction
printing communication
printing entity
printing writing
prior entity
prior object
prior organism
prior person
prior religious
prior superior
prior whole
prioritize evaluate
prioritize rate
prioritize think
priority abstraction
priority attribute
priority entity
priority property
priority timing
prism abstraction
prism attribute
prism entity
prism shape
prism solid
prism artifact
prism device
prism entity
prism instrumentality
prism object
prism whole
prison artifact
prison entity
prison establishment
prison institution
prison object
prison structure
prison whole
prison abstraction
prison attribute
prison entity
prison situation
prison state
prisoner entity
prisoner object
prisoner organism
prisoner person
prisoner unfortunate
prisoner whole
privacy abstraction
privacy aloneness
privacy attribute
privacy disposition
privacy entity
privacy nature
privacy trait
privacy abstraction
privacy attribute
privacy entity
privacy isolation
privacy separation
privacy state
private entity
private object
private organism
private person
private serviceman
private whole
private worker
privilege abstraction
privilege advantage
privilege asset
privilege attribute
privilege entity
privilege quality
privilege abstraction
privilege cognition
privilege concept
privilege content
privilege entity
privilege idea
privilege right
privilege accept
privilege act
privilege permit
privilege react
prize abstraction
prize acquisition
prize entity
prize gift
prize possession
prize relation
prize evaluate
prize see
prize think
pro abstraction
pro argument
pro communication
pro entity
pro evidence
pro indication
probability abstraction
probability entity
probability measure
probability abstraction
probability attribute
probability entity
probability quality
probable applicant
probable entity
probable object
probable organism
probable person
probable whole
probation abstraction
probation entity
probation measure
probation abstraction
probation entity
probation measure
probation abstraction
probation accomplishment
probation act
probation action
probation entity
probation event
probation liberation
probe abstraction
probe cognition
probe entity
probe inquiry
probe process
probe thinking
probe artifact
probe device
probe entity
probe instrumentality
probe instrument
probe object
probe whole
probe abstraction
probe act
probe activity
probe entity
probe event
probe exploration
probe search
probe abstraction
probe act
probe activity
probe entity
probe event
probe investigation
probe research
probe work
probe analyze
probe investigate
probe enter
probe penetrate
problem abstraction
problem attribute
problem condition
problem difficulty
problem entity
problem state
problem abstraction
problem communication
problem entity
problem message
problem question
problem subject
procedure abstraction
procedure act
procedure activity
procedure entity
procedure event
procedure abstraction
procedure act
procedure entity
procedure event
procedure proceeding
proceed travel
proceed happen
proceeding abstraction
proceeding act
proceeding entity
proceeding event
process abstraction
process cognition
process entity
process abstraction
process cognition
process entity
process part
process thing
process entity
process affect
process change
process control
process manage
process calculate
process reason
process think
processing entity
processing process
procession abstraction
procession act
procession collection
procession entity
procession event
procession group
processor abstraction
processor business
processor enterprise
processor entity
processor group
processor organization
processor entity
processor object
processor organism
processor person
processor whole
processor worker
proclaim designate
proclaim entitle
proclaim label
proclaim name
proclaim declare
proclaim express
proclaim state
proclamation abstraction
proclamation act
proclamation entity
proclamation event
procure get
procure obtain
procurement abstraction
procurement acquisition
procurement act
procurement entity
procurement event
procurer entity
procurer object
procurer organism
procurer person
procurer whole
prod artifact
prod device
prod entity
prod instrumentality
prod object
prod whole
prodigal consumer
prodigal entity
prodigal object
prodigal organism
prodigal person
prodigal user
prodigal whole
prodigy entity
prodigy genius
prodigy intellectual
prodigy object
prodigy organism
prodigy person
prodigy whole
prodigy abstraction
prodigy cognition
prodigy content
prodigy entity
prodigy idea
prodigy ideal
produce entity
produce food
produce matter
produce solid
produce make
produce expose
produce show
producer creator
producer entity
producer object
producer organism
producer person
producer whole
producer abstraction
producer beginning
producer cause
producer entity
producer event
producer happening
producer origin
product artifact
product creation
product entity
product object
product whole
product abstraction
product cognition
product concept
product content
product entity
product idea
product quantity
product abstraction
product chemical
product entity
product material
product matter
product part
product relation
product substance
product consequence
product entity
product phenomenon
product process
production abstraction
production act
production entity
production event
production abstraction
production communication
production display
production entity
production presentation
production abstraction
production act
production activity
production diversion
production entertainment
production entity
production event
production exhibition
production presentation
production show
production abstraction
production act
production disclosure
production display
production entity
production event
production abstraction
production act
production commerce
production entity
production event
production industry
production transaction
production abstraction
production act
production activity
production creation
production entity
production event
productivity abstraction
productivity entity
productivity ratio
productivity relation
profess affirm
profess claim
profess declare
profess express
profess state
profess declare
profess express
profess state
profess accept
profess get
profess declare
profess express
profess pledge
profess promise
profess state
profess vow
profess affirm
profess claim
profession abstraction
profession body
profession entity
profession group
profession abstraction
profession act
profession activity
profession entity
profession event
profession occupation
profession abstraction
profession assertion
profession communication
profession declaration
profession entity
profession message
profession statement
profession abstraction
profession affirmation
profession commitment
profession communication
profession entity
profession message
professional adult
professional entity
professional object
professional organism
professional person
professional whole
professional athlete
professional contestant
professional entity
professional object
professional organism
professional person
professional whole
professionalism abstraction
professionalism attribute
professionalism entity
professionalism expertness
professionalism skillfulness
professionalism state
professor adult
professor educator
professor entity
professor object
professor organism
professor person
professor professional
professor whole
proficiency ability
proficiency abstraction
proficiency attribute
proficiency competence
proficiency entity
proficiency quality
proficiency abstraction
proficiency attribute
proficiency entity
proficiency skillfulness
proficiency state
profile abstraction
profile chart
profile communication
profile entity
profile abstraction
profile cognition
profile content
profile entity
profile representation
profile view
profile abstraction
profile biography
profile communication
profile entity
profile evidence
profile history
profile indication
profile record
profile abstraction
profile area
profile attribute
profile entity
profile extent
profile magnitude
profile property
profile section
profile make
profile write
profile make
profile represent
profit abstraction
profit advantage
profit asset
profit attribute
profit entity
profit quality
profit get
profit gain
profit get
prognosis abstraction
prognosis communication
prognosis entity
prognosis message
prognosis prediction
prognosis statement
prognosis abstraction
prognosis act
prognosis designation
prognosis determination
prognosis diagnosis
prognosis discovery
prognosis entity
prognosis event
program ability
program abstraction
program cognition
program entity
program method
program system
program abstraction
program announcement
program communication
program entity
program message
program statement
program abstraction
program code
program communication
program entity
program software
program writing
program abstraction
program act
program activity
program diversion
program entertainment
program entity
program event
program performance
program presentation
program show
program plan
program schedule
program think
program make
programmer engineer
programmer entity
programmer object
programmer organism
programmer person
programmer whole
programming abstraction
programming act
programming activity
programming creation
programming entity
programming event
progress abstraction
progress act
progress action
progress change
progress entity
progress event
progress motion
progress abstraction
progress entity
progress event
progress happening
progress movement
progress change
progress develop
progress grow
progress increase
progression abstraction
progression arrangement
progression entity
progression group
progression series
progressive abstraction
progressive class
progressive collection
progressive entity
progressive group
progressive tense
progressiveness abstraction
progressiveness attribute
progressiveness entity
progressiveness quality
prohibition abstraction
prohibition communication
prohibition document
prohibition entity
prohibition law
prohibition writing
prohibition abstraction
prohibition act
prohibition communication
prohibition decree
prohibition document
prohibition entity
prohibition writing
prohibition abstraction
prohibition entity
prohibition measure
prohibition abstraction
prohibition act
prohibition denial
prohibition entity
prohibition event
prohibition refusal
prohibition abstraction
prohibition act
prohibition action
prohibition entity
prohibition event
project abstraction
project cognition
project content
project entity
project idea
project plan
project act
project communicate
project interact
project move
project transmit
project show
project draw
project make
project represent
project plan
project think
project move
project send
project move
project evaluate
project think
projectile artifact
projectile device
projectile entity
projectile instrumentality
projectile instrument
projectile object
projectile weapon
projectile whole
projection abstraction
projection cognition
projection entity
projection prediction
projection process
projection reasoning
projection thinking
projection abstraction
projection communication
projection entity
projection artifact
projection entity
projection object
projection structure
projection whole
projection abstraction
projection attribute
projection entity
projection shape
projection solid
projection abstraction
projection cognition
projection entity
projection process
projection entity
projection phenomenon
projection process
projection artifact
projection creation
projection entity
projection object
projection representation
projection whole
projector artifact
projector device
projector entity
projector instrumentality
projector object
projector whole
projector artifact
projector device
projector entity
projector instrumentality
projector instrument
projector object
projector whole
proliferate change
proliferate grow
proliferate increase
proliferate change
proliferate increase
proliferate multiply
proliferation entity
proliferation growth
proliferation process
proliferation entity
proliferation increase
proliferation process
prologue abstraction
prologue communication
prologue entity
prologue introduction
prologue music
prologue section
prologue writing
prolong change
prolong increase
prolong lengthen
prolong continue
prolong keep
prolongation abstraction
prolongation act
prolongation activity
prolongation continuance
prolongation entity
prolongation event
promenade abstraction
promenade affair
promenade ball
promenade dance
promenade entity
promenade event
promenade party
promenade artifact
promenade entity
promenade object
promenade path
promenade walk
promenade way
promenade whole
promenade abstraction
promenade act
promenade activity
promenade cognition
promenade content
promenade dancing
promenade discipline
promenade diversion
promenade entity
promenade event
promenade abstraction
promenade act
promenade action
promenade change
promenade entity
promenade event
promenade locomotion
promenade march
promenade motion
promenade walk
promenade travel
promenade walk
prominence abstraction
prominence attribute
prominence entity
prominence standing
prominence state
prominence status
prominence abstraction
prominence attribute
prominence entity
prominence importance
prominence quality
prominence value
prominence worth
promise abstraction
promise act
promise commitment
promise communication
promise entity
promise event
promise message
promise abstraction
promise belief
promise cognition
promise content
promise entity
promise expectation
promise declare
promise express
promise state
promise declare
promise express
promise state
promise be
promote support
promote appoint
promote delegate
promote change
promote play
promote use
promoter advertiser
promoter entity
promoter object
promoter organism
promoter person
promoter publicist
promoter whole
promotion abstraction
promotion communication
promotion entity
promotion message
promotion abstraction
promotion act
promotion action
promotion change
promotion entity
promotion event
promotion abstraction
promotion approval
promotion communication
promotion encouragement
promotion entity
promotion message
prompt abstraction
prompt communication
prompt cue
prompt entity
prompt line
prompt matter
prompt text
prompt writing
prompt abstraction
prompt act
prompt communication
prompt entity
prompt event
prompt transmission
prompt induce
prompt act
prompt communicate
prompt inform
prompt interact
promptness abstraction
promptness attribute
promptness entity
promptness pace
promptness property
pronoun abstraction
pronoun entity
pronoun part
pronoun relation
pronoun word
pronounce declare
pronounce evaluate
pronounce think
pronouncement abstraction
pronouncement communication
pronouncement declaration
pronouncement entity
pronouncement message
pronouncement statement
pronunciation abstraction
pronunciation communication
pronunciation entity
pronunciation utterance
pronunciation abstraction
pronunciation communication
pronunciation entity
pronunciation speech
proof abstraction
proof cognition
proof entity
proof evidence
proof information
proof abstraction
proof argument
proof communication
proof entity
proof evidence
proof indication
proof abstraction
proof entity
proof measure
proof artifact
proof creation
proof entity
proof impression
proof object
proof product
proof publication
proof whole
proof work
proof artifact
proof creation
proof entity
proof object
proof photograph
proof representation
proof whole
proof produce
proof handle
proof knead
proof manipulate
proof touch
proof change
proof strengthen
proofread confirm
proofread see
proofread verify
prop artifact
prop entity
prop object
prop structure
prop support
prop whole
propaganda abstraction
propaganda communication
propaganda entity
propaganda information
propaganda message
propagandist entity
propagandist object
propagandist organism
propagandist person
propagandist whole
propagate bequeath
propagate give
propagate travel
propagate move
propagate transmit
propagate spread
propagate affect
propagate change
propagate process
propagate make
propagate reproduce
propagation abstraction
propagation act
propagation communication
propagation dissemination
propagation entity
propagation event
propagation transmission
propagation entity
propagation phenomenon
propagation process
propane entity
propane fluid
propane fuel
propane gas
propane matter
propane substance
propeller artifact
propeller device
propeller entity
propeller instrumentality
propeller mechanism
propeller object
propeller whole
property abstraction
property entity
property possession
property relation
property abstraction
property attribute
property entity
property abstraction
property cognition
property concept
property content
property entity
property idea
property entity
property object
prophecy abstraction
prophecy cognition
prophecy entity
prophecy prediction
prophecy process
prophecy reasoning
prophecy thinking
prophecy abstraction
prophecy communication
prophecy entity
prophecy message
prophecy prediction
prophecy statement
prophesy guess
prophesy predict
prophesy reason
prophesy speculate
prophesy think
prophet entity
prophet intellectual
prophet object
prophet organism
prophet person
prophet visionary
prophet whole
prophet entity
prophet object
prophet organism
prophet person
prophet whole
proportion abstraction
proportion entity
proportion quotient
proportion ratio
proportion relation
proportion abstraction
proportion attribute
proportion entity
proportion magnitude
proportion property
proportion abstraction
proportion entity
proportion relation
proportion abstraction
proportion entity
proportion placement
proportion position
proportion relation
proportion act
proportion interact
proportion relate
proportion adjust
proportion change
proportional abstraction
proportional cognition
proportional concept
proportional content
proportional entity
proportional idea
proportional quantity
proportionality abstraction
proportionality entity
proportionality ratio
proportionality relation
proposal abstraction
proposal communication
proposal entity
proposal message
proposal abstraction
proposal act
proposal entity
proposal event
propose declare
propose express
propose state
propose ask
propose communicate
propose convey
propose move
propose request
propose transfer
proposition abstraction
proposition communication
proposition entity
proposition message
proposition statement
proposition abstraction
proposition communication
proposition entity
proposition message
proposition offer
proposition abstraction
proposition act
proposition activity
proposition entity
proposition event
proposition undertaking
proposition work
proposition declare
proposition express
proposition propose
proposition state
proprietorship abstraction
proprietorship entity
proprietorship ownership
proprietorship relation
proprietress businessman
proprietress businessperson
proprietress capitalist
proprietress entity
proprietress object
proprietress organism
proprietress owner
proprietress person
proprietress whole
propriety abstraction
propriety attribute
propriety entity
propriety trait
propulsion entity
propulsion force
propulsion phenomenon
propulsion process
propulsion abstraction
propulsion act
propulsion entity
propulsion event
prosecute act
prosecution abstraction
prosecution act
prosecution entity
prosecution event
prosecution proceeding
prosecution abstraction
prosecution collection
prosecution entity
prosecution group
prosecutor adult
prosecutor entity
prosecutor lawyer
prosecutor object
prosecutor official
prosecutor organism
prosecutor person
prosecutor professional
prosecutor whole
prosecutor worker
prospect abstraction
prospect attribute
prospect being
prospect entity
prospect possibility
prospect potential
prospect state
prospect examine
prospect search
prospect analyze
prospect investigate
prospect research
prospector employee
prospector entity
prospector laborer
prospector miner
prospector object
prospector organism
prospector person
prospector whole
prospector worker
prospector workman
prospectus abstraction
prospectus communication
prospectus entity
prospectus message
prospectus offer
prosperity abstraction
prosperity attribute
prosperity condition
prosperity entity
prosperity state
prosperity abstraction
prosperity attribute
prosperity condition
prosperity entity
prosperity fortune
prosperity state
prosthesis artifact
prosthesis corrective
prosthesis device
prosthesis entity
prosthesis instrumentality
prosthesis object
prosthesis whole
prostitute adult
prostitute entity
prostitute female
prostitute object
prostitute organism
prostitute person
prostitute whole
prostitute woman
prostitute exchange
prostitute sell
prostitute transfer
prostitution abstraction
prostitution act
prostitution activity
prostitution crime
prostitution entity
prostitution event
prostitution transgression
prostrate change
prostrate move
prostrate throw
protect defend
protect prevent
protect assist
protect work
protection abstraction
protection act
protection activity
protection entity
protection event
protection abstraction
protection attribute
protection condition
protection entity
protection safety
protection security
protection state
protection abstraction
protection act
protection enforcement
protection entity
protection event
protection imposition
protection abstraction
protection act
protection activity
protection crime
protection entity
protection event
protection extortion
protection felony
protection transgression
protein abstraction
protein chemical
protein compound
protein entity
protein material
protein matter
protein molecule
protein part
protein relation
protein substance
protein thing
protein unit
protest abstraction
protest act
protest entity
protest event
protest objection
protest abstraction
protest act
protest entity
protest event
protest resistance
protest abstraction
protest act
protest entity
protest event
protest objection
protest complain
protest evaluate
protest oppose
protest refute
protest reject
protest think
protest affirm
protest declare
protest express
protest state
protestant entity
protestant object
protestant organism
protestant person
protestant whole
protocol abstraction
protocol communication
protocol direction
protocol entity
protocol message
protocol rule
protocol abstraction
protocol communication
protocol direction
protocol entity
protocol etiquette
protocol message
protocol rule
protocol abstraction
protocol cognition
protocol convention
protocol entity
protocol practice
proton body
proton entity
proton object
proton particle
proton whole
prototype abstraction
prototype cognition
prototype content
prototype entity
prototype model
prototype representation
protozoan entity
protozoan microorganism
protozoan object
protozoan organism
protozoan whole
protractor artifact
protractor device
protractor entity
protractor instrumentality
protractor instrument
protractor object
protractor whole
protrusion abstraction
protrusion act
protrusion action
protrusion change
protrusion entity
protrusion event
prove be
prove confirm
prove prove
prove change
prove mark
prove print
prove trace
prove write
prove act
prove attest
prove communicate
prove inform
prove interact
prove testify
proverb abstraction
proverb communication
proverb entity
proverb saying
proverb speech
provide give
provide transfer
provide contract
provide declare
provide express
provide promise
provide state
provide stipulate
provide give
provide support
provide transfer
provide change
provide fix
providence abstraction
providence act
providence activity
providence care
providence entity
providence event
providence protection
providence abstraction
providence attribute
providence condition
providence entity
providence fortune
providence state
providence abstraction
providence attribute
providence discretion
providence entity
providence good
providence morality
providence prudence
providence quality
providence trait
providence virtue
providence wisdom
provider benefactor
provider entity
provider object
provider organism
provider person
provider whole
province abstraction
province attribute
province entity
province environment
province situation
province sphere
province state
provincial entity
provincial object
provincial official
provincial organism
provincial person
provincial whole
provincial worker
provision abstraction
provision communication
provision condition
provision entity
provision message
provision postulate
provision premise
provision proposition
provision statement
provision abstraction
provision act
provision activity
provision entity
provision event
provision abstraction
provision accumulation
provision assets
provision entity
provision gain
provision income
provision possession
provision relation
provision store
provision sum
provision give
provision supply
provision transfer
provocation abstraction
provocation approval
provocation communication
provocation encouragement
provocation entity
provocation message
provoke cause
provoke make
provoke ask
provoke challenge
provoke communicate
provoke convey
provoke invite
provoke move
provoke request
provoke transfer
proximity abstraction
proximity distance
proximity entity
proximity nearness
proximity placement
proximity position
proximity relation
proximity spacing
proximity area
proximity entity
proximity location
proximity object
proximity region
proximity section
proximity vicinity
proximity abstraction
proximity cognition
proximity concept
proximity content
proximity entity
proximity idea
proximity law
proximity principle
proxy agent
proxy entity
proxy negotiator
proxy object
proxy organism
proxy person
proxy representative
proxy whole
proxy abstraction
proxy communication
proxy document
proxy entity
proxy writing
prudence abstraction
prudence attribute
prudence discretion
prudence entity
prudence good
prudence morality
prudence quality
prudence trait
prudence virtue
prudence wisdom
pruning cutting
pruning entity
pruning part
pruning thing
pruning abstraction
pruning act
pruning action
pruning change
pruning cut
pruning decrease
pruning entity
pruning event
pruning shortening
pruning trim
psalm abstraction
psalm communication
psalm entity
psalm writing
psalm act
psalm communicate
psalm interact
psalm sing
psalm talk
pseudonym abstraction
pseudonym entity
pseudonym name
pseudonym part
pseudonym relation
pseudoscience abstraction
pseudoscience cognition
pseudoscience content
pseudoscience entity
pseudoscience fallacy
pseudoscience idea
psoriasis abstraction
psoriasis attribute
psoriasis condition
psoriasis disease
psoriasis entity
psoriasis illness
psoriasis state
psychiatrist adult
psychiatrist doctor
psychiatrist entity
psychiatrist object
psychiatrist organism
psychiatrist person
psychiatrist professional
psychiatrist specialist
psychiatrist whole
psychiatry abstraction
psychiatry cognition
psychiatry content
psychiatry discipline
psychiatry entity
psychiatry medicine
psychiatry science
psychic entity
psychic object
psychic organism
psychic person
psychic whole
psychoanalysis abstraction
psychoanalysis act
psychoanalysis activity
psychoanalysis care
psychoanalysis entity
psychoanalysis event
psychoanalysis psychotherapy
psychoanalysis therapy
psychoanalysis treatment
psychoanalysis work
psychologist entity
psychologist object
psychologist organism
psychologist person
psychologist scientist
psychologist whole
psychology abstraction
psychology cognition
psychology content
psychology discipline
psychology entity
psychology science
psychosis abstraction
psychosis attribute
psychosis condition
psychosis entity
psychosis state
psychotherapy abstraction
psychotherapy cognition
psychotherapy content
psychotherapy discipline
psychotherapy entity
psychotherapy medicine
psychotherapy psychiatry
psychotherapy science
psychotherapy abstraction
psychotherapy act
psychotherapy activity
psychotherapy care
psychotherapy entity
psychotherapy event
psychotherapy therapy
psychotherapy treatment
psychotherapy work
psychotic entity
psychotic object
psychotic organism
psychotic person
psychotic unfortunate
psychotic whole
puberty abstraction
puberty entity
puberty measure
public abstraction
public body
public entity
public group
publication artifact
publication creation
publication entity
publication object
publication product
publication whole
publication work
publication abstraction
publication communication
publication entity
publication abstraction
publication act
publication commerce
publication entity
publication event
publication transaction
publicist entity
publicist object
publicist organism
publicist person
publicist whole
publicity abstraction
publicity attribute
publicity entity
publicity quality
publicize act
publicize communicate
publicize inform
publicize interact
publicize tell
publish act
publish communicate
publish inform
publish interact
publish publicize
publish tell
publish make
publisher abstraction
publisher business
publisher enterprise
publisher entity
publisher firm
publisher group
publisher organization
publisher adult
publisher entity
publisher object
publisher organism
publisher person
publisher professional
publisher whole
publisher businessman
publisher businessperson
publisher capitalist
publisher entity
publisher object
publisher organism
publisher owner
publisher person
publisher whole
puck abstraction
puck belief
puck cognition
puck content
puck entity
puck fairy
puck artifact
puck circle
puck device
puck disk
puck entity
puck instrumentality
puck mechanism
puck object
puck plate
puck sheet
puck whole
pudding dish
pudding entity
pudding food
pudding matter
pudding substance
pudding course
pudding dessert
pudding entity
pudding food
pudding matter
pudding substance
pudding course
pudding dessert
pudding entity
pudding food
pudding matter
pudding substance
puddle artifact
puddle entity
puddle object
puddle whole
puddle travel
puddle wade
puddle walk
puddle make
puddle shape
puddle move
puddle plant
puddle put
puddle arrange
puddle move
puddle pack
puddle put
puddle work
puddle discharge
puddle scatter
puddle spatter
puddle spread
pueblo entity
pueblo object
pueblo organism
pueblo person
pueblo whole
pueblo entity
pueblo location
pueblo object
pueblo region
pueblo settlement
pueblo village
puff entity
puff gust
puff phenomenon
puff process
puff weather
puff wind
puff entity
puff food
puff matter
puff pastry
puff solid
puff abstraction
puff approval
puff communication
puff entity
puff message
puff praise
puff recommendation
puff breath
puff entity
puff inhalation
puff process
puff consume
puff smoke
puff breathe
puff arouse
puff make
puff stimulate
puff evaluate
puff measure
puff praise
puff think
puff act
puff boast
puff communicate
puff inform
puff interact
puff change
puff expand
puff grow
puff increase
puff swell
puff blow
puff breathe
puffin animal
puffin bird
puffin entity
puffin object
puffin organism
puffin seabird
puffin vertebrate
puffin whole
pull abstraction
pull act
pull entity
pull event
pull propulsion
pull entity
pull force
pull phenomenon
pull process
pull abstraction
pull advantage
pull asset
pull attribute
pull entity
pull quality
pull artifact
pull device
pull entity
pull instrumentality
pull object
pull whole
pull abstraction
pull act
pull activity
pull effort
pull entity
pull event
pull labor
pull work
pull move
pull drive
pull handle
pull manipulate
pull operate
pull touch
pull travel
pull act
pull force
pull drive
pull move
pull change
pull hurt
pull injure
pull move
pull boat
pull ride
pull row
pull travel
pull stop
pull hit
pull move
pull align
pull evaluate
pull side
pull stand
pull think
pull remove
pulley artifact
pulley device
pulley entity
pulley instrumentality
pulley machine
pulley mechanism
pulley object
pulley whole
pullover artifact
pullover clothing
pullover commodity
pullover covering
pullover entity
pullover garment
pullover object
pullover sweater
pullover whole
pulp body
pulp entity
pulp mass
pulp object
pulp whole
pulp entity
pulp object
pulp whole
pulp abstraction
pulp carbohydrate
pulp cellulose
pulp chemical
pulp compound
pulp entity
pulp material
pulp matter
pulp molecule
pulp part
pulp relation
pulp substance
pulp thing
pulp unit
pulp artifact
pulp creation
pulp entity
pulp instrumentality
pulp magazine
pulp medium
pulp object
pulp press
pulp product
pulp publication
pulp whole
pulp work
pulp entity
pulp part
pulp structure
pulp thing
pulp remove
pulp break
pulp change
pulp grind
pulsate beat
pulsate move
pulse abstraction
pulse entity
pulse event
pulse happening
pulse abstraction
pulse cognition
pulse entity
pulse evidence
pulse information
pulse rate
pulse relation
pulse sign
pulse entity
pulse food
pulse legume
pulse matter
pulse produce
pulse solid
pulse vegetable
pulse produce
pulse move
pumice abstraction
pumice entity
pumice material
pumice matter
pumice part
pumice relation
pumice rock
pumice substance
pumice guide
pumice rub
pump artifact
pump device
pump entity
pump instrumentality
pump mechanism
pump object
pump whole
pump artifact
pump covering
pump entity
pump footwear
pump object
pump shoe
pump whole
pump handle
pump manipulate
pump touch
pump blast
pump fire
pump draw
pump remove
pump give
pump supply
pump transfer
pump move
pump pour
pump run
pump spurt
pump move
pump raise
pump act
pump address
pump ask
pump communicate
pump interact
pump question
pumpkin entity
pumpkin object
pumpkin organism
pumpkin plant
pumpkin squash
pumpkin vine
pumpkin whole
pumpkin entity
pumpkin food
pumpkin matter
pumpkin produce
pumpkin solid
pumpkin vegetable
pun abstraction
pun communication
pun entity
pun fun
pun message
pun wit
pun act
pun communicate
pun interact
pun joke
punch abstraction
punch act
punch action
punch blow
punch change
punch entity
punch event
punch motion
punch stroke
punch abstraction
punch agent
punch alcohol
punch beverage
punch drug
punch entity
punch fluid
punch food
punch liquid
punch matter
punch part
punch relation
punch substance
punch artifact
punch entity
punch implement
punch instrumentality
punch object
punch tool
punch whole
punch hit
punch touch
punch move
punch push
punch thrust
punch enter
punch penetrate
punch pierce
punctuality abstraction
punctuality attribute
punctuality entity
punctuality property
punctuality timing
punctuation abstraction
punctuation entity
punctuation event
punctuation happening
punctuation interruption
punctuation abstraction
punctuation communication
punctuation entity
punctuation mark
punctuation signal
punctuation symbol
punctuation abstraction
punctuation act
punctuation activity
punctuation entity
punctuation event
punctuation grouping
puncture abstraction
puncture entity
puncture event
puncture happening
puncture misfortune
puncture mishap
puncture trouble
puncture artifact
puncture entity
puncture hole
puncture object
puncture opening
puncture whole
puncture abstraction
puncture act
puncture activity
puncture entity
puncture event
puncture enter
puncture penetrate
puncture pierce
puncture make
puncture adjust
puncture change
puncture break
puncture change
punishment abstraction
punishment act
punishment entity
punishment event
punk entity
punk fuel
punk matter
punk substance
pup animal
pup entity
pup object
pup organism
pup whole
pup young
pupil abstraction
pupil attribute
pupil entity
pupil hole
pupil location
pupil object
pupil opening
pupil shape
pupil space
puppet artifact
puppet creation
puppet entity
puppet figure
puppet model
puppet object
puppet representation
puppet whole
puppet artifact
puppet doll
puppet entity
puppet object
puppet plaything
puppet whole
puppeteer entertainer
puppeteer entity
puppeteer object
puppeteer organism
puppeteer performer
puppeteer person
puppeteer whole
puppetry ability
puppetry abstraction
puppetry art
puppetry cognition
puppetry entity
puppetry abstraction
puppetry act
puppetry activity
puppetry entity
puppetry event
puppetry representation
puppy animal
puppy canine
puppy carnivore
puppy dog
puppy entity
puppy mammal
puppy object
puppy organism
puppy pup
puppy vertebrate
puppy whole
puppy young
puppy entity
puppy juvenile
puppy object
puppy organism
puppy person
puppy whole
purchase abstraction
purchase acquisition
purchase act
purchase entity
purchase event
purchase abstraction
purchase acquisition
purchase entity
purchase possession
purchase relation
purchase consequence
purchase entity
purchase influence
purchase phenomenon
purchase process
puree entity
puree food
puree matter
puree substance
puree guide
puree rub
purgatory abstraction
purgatory attribute
purgatory condition
purgatory difficulty
purgatory entity
purgatory situation
purgatory state
purgatory ability
purgatory abstraction
purgatory cognition
purgatory creativity
purgatory entity
purgatory imagination
purification abstraction
purification act
purification action
purification change
purification cleaning
purification entity
purification event
purification improvement
purification abstraction
purification act
purification activity
purification ceremony
purification entity
purification event
purification abstraction
purification accomplishment
purification act
purification action
purification clearing
purification entity
purification event
purification liberation
purify better
purify change
purity abstraction
purity attribute
purity condition
purity entity
purity state
purity abstraction
purity attribute
purity condition
purity entity
purity state
purple abstraction
purple attribute
purple color
purple entity
purple property
purple abstraction
purple attribute
purple entity
purple nobility
purple state
purple status
purple change
purple color
purpose abstraction
purpose cognition
purpose content
purpose entity
purpose goal
purpose decide
purse abstraction
purse assets
purse entity
purse possession
purse relation
purse sum
purse artifact
purse bag
purse container
purse entity
purse instrumentality
purse object
purse whole
purse abstraction
purse assets
purse entity
purse possession
purse relation
purse sum
purse change
purse round
purse shape
purse change
purse contract
purse decrease
purse shrink
pursue travel
pursue act
pursue react
pursuit abstraction
pursuit act
pursuit action
pursuit change
pursuit entity
pursuit event
pursuit motion
pursuit abstraction
pursuit cognition
pursuit entity
pursuit process
pursuit search
pus abstraction
pus entity
pus measure
pus abstraction
pus entity
pus matter
pus part
pus relation
pus substance
push abstraction
push act
push entity
push event
push propulsion
push entity
push force
push phenomenon
push process
push abstraction
push act
push action
push change
push entity
push event
push motion
push progress
push move
push act
push communicate
push interact
push talk
push urge
push press
push touch
push approach
push come
push travel
push act
push deal
push interact
push transact
push travel
pussycat entity
pussycat object
pussycat organism
pussycat person
pussycat whole
put move
put change
put use
put affect
put change
put subject
put arrange
put compose
put make
puzzle abstraction
puzzle communication
puzzle entity
puzzle message
puzzle problem
puzzle question
puzzle subject
puzzle artifact
puzzle entity
puzzle equipment
puzzle game
puzzle instrumentality
puzzle object
puzzle whole
puzzle think
pygmy entity
pygmy object
pygmy organism
pygmy person
pygmy whole
pygmy entity
pygmy object
pygmy organism
pygmy person
pygmy whole
pyramid abstraction
pyramid attribute
pyramid entity
pyramid shape
pyramid solid
pyramid abstraction
pyramid assets
pyramid entity
pyramid investment
pyramid possession
pyramid relation
pyramid speculation
pyramid get
pyramid profit
pyramid act
pyramid deal
pyramid interact
pyramid transact
pyramid arrange
pyramid move
pyramid put
pyramid change
pyramid increase
python animal
python boa
python entity
python object
python organism
python reptile
python snake
python vertebrate
python whole
python abstraction
python belief
python cognition
python content
python entity
python spirit
quad artifact
quad block
quad entity
quad object
quad type
quad whole
quad area
quad artifact
quad entity
quad object
quad structure
quad whole
quadrilateral abstraction
quadrilateral attribute
quadrilateral entity
quadrilateral figure
quadrilateral polygon
quadrilateral shape
quail bird
quail entity
quail food
quail matter
quail meat
quail solid
quail animal
quail bird
quail entity
quail game
quail object
quail organism
quail vertebrate
quail whole
qualification abstraction
qualification attribute
qualification entity
qualification fitness
qualification quality
qualification suitability
qualification abstraction
qualification act
qualification action
qualification change
qualification entity
qualification event
qualification revision
qualification transformation
qualifier contestant
qualifier entity
qualifier object
qualifier organism
qualifier person
qualifier whole
qualify equal
qualify match
qualify meet
qualify satisfy
qualify suffice
qualify declare
qualify evaluate
qualify pronounce
qualify think
qualify change
qualify modify
qualify better
qualify change
qualify educate
qualify prepare
qualify remember
quality abstraction
quality attribute
quality entity
quality abstraction
quality attribute
quality degree
quality entity
quality property
quality abstraction
quality cognition
quality concept
quality content
quality entity
quality idea
quality property
quality abstraction
quality attribute
quality entity
quality state
quality status
quantity abstraction
quantity amount
quantity attribute
quantity entity
quantity magnitude
quantity property
quantity abstraction
quantity cognition
quantity concept
quantity content
quantity entity
quantity idea
quantum abstraction
quantum cognition
quantum concept
quantum content
quantum entity
quantum idea
quantum quantity
quantum abstraction
quantum entity
quantum measure
quarantine abstraction
quarantine attribute
quarantine entity
quarantine isolation
quarantine separation
quarantine state
quarantine abstraction
quarantine act
quarantine entity
quarantine event
quarantine isolation
quarantine separation
quarantine determine
quarantine discriminate
quarantine distinguish
quarantine identify
quarantine isolate
quark body
quark entity
quark object
quark particle
quark whole
quarrel abstraction
quarrel act
quarrel disagreement
quarrel dispute
quarrel entity
quarrel event
quarrel arrow
quarrel artifact
quarrel device
quarrel entity
quarrel instrumentality
quarrel instrument
quarrel object
quarrel projectile
quarrel weapon
quarrel whole
quarrel act
quarrel argue
quarrel communicate
quarrel converse
quarrel interact
quarrel talk
quarry exploit
quarry use
quarrying abstraction
quarrying act
quarrying commerce
quarrying entity
quarrying event
quarrying industry
quarrying production
quarrying transaction
quarryman entity
quarryman object
quarryman organism
quarryman person
quarryman whole
quarryman worker
quart abstraction
quart entity
quart measure
quart abstraction
quart entity
quart measure
quart abstraction
quart entity
quart measure
quarter district
quarter entity
quarter location
quarter object
quarter region
quarter abstraction
quarter cognition
quarter concept
quarter content
quarter entity
quarter idea
quarter part
quarter abstraction
quarter entity
quarter measure
quarter abstraction
quarter entity
quarter measure
quarter term
quarter abstraction
quarter entity
quarter measure
quarter abstraction
quarter direction
quarter entity
quarter orientation
quarter position
quarter relation
quarter abstraction
quarter entity
quarter measure
quarter abstraction
quarter entity
quarter measure
quarter abstraction
quarter coinage
quarter coin
quarter currency
quarter entity
quarter measure
quarter standard
quarter entity
quarter object
quarter organism
quarter person
quarter whole
quarter abstraction
quarter entity
quarter leather
quarter material
quarter matter
quarter object
quarter part
quarter piece
quarter relation
quarter substance
quarter abstraction
quarter act
quarter allowance
quarter authorization
quarter entity
quarter event
quarter license
quarter management
quarter tolerance
quarter give
quarter house
quarter lodge
quarter shelter
quarter supply
quarter transfer
quarter change
quarter segment
quarter separate
quarter calculate
quarter divide
quarter reason
quarter think
quarterfinal abstraction
quarterfinal contest
quarterfinal entity
quarterfinal event
quarterfinal match
quarterly artifact
quarterly creation
quarterly entity
quarterly object
quarterly periodical
quarterly product
quarterly publication
quarterly series
quarterly whole
quarterly work
quartermaster entity
quartermaster object
quartermaster organism
quartermaster person
quartermaster serviceman
quartermaster whole
quartermaster worker
quartet abstraction
quartet entity
quartet group
quartet organization
quartet abstraction
quartet collection
quartet entity
quartet group
quartet set
quartet abstraction
quartet entity
quartet gathering
quartet group
quartet abstraction
quartet communication
quartet entity
quartet music
quartz abstraction
quartz entity
quartz material
quartz matter
quartz mineral
quartz part
quartz relation
quartz substance
queen animal
queen entity
queen insect
queen invertebrate
queen object
queen organism
queen whole
queen aristocrat
queen entity
queen leader
queen object
queen organism
queen person
queen whole
queen aristocrat
queen entity
queen leader
queen object
queen organism
queen person
queen whole
queen entity
queen object
queen organism
queen personification
queen person
queen whole
queen abstraction
queen card
queen entity
queen material
queen matter
queen paper
queen part
queen relation
queen substance
queen artifact
queen entity
queen equipment
queen instrumentality
queen man
queen object
queen whole
queen animal
queen entity
queen mammal
queen object
queen organism
queen vertebrate
queen whole
queen play
queen promote
queen use
queen change
queen promote
queer affect
queer change
quest abstraction
quest act
quest activity
quest entity
quest event
quest search
quest desire
quest seek
quest chase
quest pursue
quest travel
quest communicate
quest convey
quest move
quest request
quest transfer
question abstraction
question act
question entity
question event
question request
question abstraction
question communication
question entity
question message
question subject
question abstraction
question arrangement
question communication
question entity
question group
question language
question sentence
question sequence
question series
question string
question abstraction
question communication
question entity
question message
question offer
question ask
question challenge
question communicate
question convey
question invite
question move
question request
question transfer
question act
question address
question ask
question communicate
question interact
questionnaire abstraction
questionnaire communication
questionnaire document
questionnaire entity
questionnaire form
questionnaire writing
queue abstraction
queue arrangement
queue entity
queue formation
queue group
queue line
queue abstraction
queue communication
queue database
queue entity
queue information
queue list
queue message
queue braid
queue covering
queue entity
queue hair
queue object
queue whole
quick area
quick entity
quick part
quick thing
quicken affect
quicken change
quicken stimulate
quicken move
quicksand abstraction
quicksand attribute
quicksand condition
quicksand difficulty
quicksand entity
quicksand situation
quicksand state
quicksand entity
quicksand hole
quicksand object
quicksand pit
quietness abstraction
quietness attribute
quietness entity
quietness property
quietness silence
quill artifact
quill entity
quill implement
quill instrumentality
quill object
quill pen
quill whole
quill entity
quill part
quill process
quill spine
quill thing
quill entity
quill part
quill rib
quill structure
quill thing
quilt artifact
quilt covering
quilt entity
quilt object
quilt whole
quilt connect
quilt join
quilt fashion
quilt make
quilt sew
quiver artifact
quiver case
quiver container
quiver entity
quiver instrumentality
quiver object
quiver whole
quiver move
quiver shake
quiver tremble
quiz abstraction
quiz act
quiz communication
quiz entity
quiz event
quiz examination
quiz act
quiz address
quiz ask
quiz communicate
quiz examine
quiz interact
quiz question
quota abstraction
quota entity
quota measure
quota number
quota abstraction
quota allotment
quota assets
quota entity
quota possession
quota relation
quota share
quota abstraction
quota argumentation
quota cognition
quota entity
quota policy
quota process
quota reasoning
quota thinking
quotation abstraction
quotation communication
quotation entity
quotation excerpt
quotation music
quotation passage
quotation section
quotation writing
quotation abstraction
quotation communication
quotation entity
quotation message
quotation statement
quotation abstraction
quotation act
quotation activity
quotation entity
quotation event
quotation practice
quote act
quote communicate
quote inform
quote interact
quote repeat
quote tell
quote express
quote give
quote state
quote associate
quote mention
quote think
quote add
quote change
quote increase
quotient abstraction
quotient entity
quotient ratio
quotient relation
quotient abstraction
quotient entity
quotient measure
quotient number
rabbi entity
rabbi leader
rabbi object
rabbi organism
rabbi person
rabbi whole
rabbi abstraction
rabbi entity
rabbi name
rabbi part
rabbi relation
rabbi title
rabbit animal
rabbit entity
rabbit mammal
rabbit object
rabbit organism
rabbit vertebrate
rabbit whole
rabbit entity
rabbit food
rabbit game
rabbit matter
rabbit meat
rabbit solid
rabbit capture
rabbit get
rabbit hunt
rabies abstraction
rabies attribute
rabies condition
rabies disease
rabies entity
rabies illness
rabies state
raccoon abstraction
raccoon entity
raccoon fur
raccoon material
raccoon matter
raccoon part
raccoon relation
raccoon substance
raccoon animal
raccoon carnivore
raccoon entity
raccoon mammal
raccoon object
raccoon organism
raccoon vertebrate
raccoon whole
race abstraction
race contest
race entity
race event
race abstraction
race contest
race entity
race event
race abstraction
race entity
race group
race compete
race act
race move
racer driver
racer entity
racer operator
racer artifact
racer car
racer container
racer conveyance
racer entity
racer instrumentality
racer object
racer vehicle
racer whole
racer animal
racer entity
racer object
racer organism
racer whole
racer animal
racer entity
racer object
racer organism
racer reptile
racer snake
racer vertebrate
racer whole
racetrack artifact
racetrack course
racetrack entity
racetrack facility
racetrack object
racetrack whole
racing abstraction
racing act
racing activity
racing diversion
racing entity
racing event
racing sport
racism abstraction
racism attitude
racism bias
racism cognition
racism entity
racism inclination
racism partiality
racism abstraction
racism act
racism discrimination
racism entity
racism event
racist advocate
racist entity
racist object
racist organism
racist partisan
racist person
racist whole
rack artifact
rack entity
rack framework
rack object
rack structure
rack whole
rack cut
rack entity
rack food
rack matter
rack meat
rack solid
rack artifact
rack device
rack entity
rack instrumentality
rack instrument
rack object
rack whole
rack artifact
rack device
rack entity
rack instrumentality
rack object
rack support
rack whole
rack abstraction
rack act
rack activity
rack entity
rack event
rack maltreatment
rack persecution
rack practice
rack torture
rack abstraction
rack act
rack action
rack change
rack entity
rack event
rack gait
rack locomotion
rack motion
rack afflict
rack arouse
rack make
rack try
rack upset
rack use
rack work
rack fly
rack travel
rack draw
rack remove
rack change
rack transform
rack work
rack seize
rack take
rack change
rack hurt
rack injure
rack torture
racket abstraction
racket entity
racket event
racket happening
racket noise
racket sound
racket abstraction
racket act
racket activity
racket enterprise
racket entity
racket event
racket undertaking
racket work
racket artifact
racket entity
racket implement
racket instrumentality
racket object
racket whole
racket sound
racket hit
racket move
radar artifact
radar device
radar entity
radar instrumentality
radar instrument
radar object
radar whole
radial artifact
radial band
radial entity
radial hoop
radial object
radial strip
radial tire
radial whole
radiance energy
radiance entity
radiance light
radiance phenomenon
radiance process
radiance radiation
radiance abstraction
radiance attribute
radiance brightness
radiance entity
radiance light
radiance property
radiance abstraction
radiance attribute
radiance condition
radiance emotion
radiance entity
radiance feeling
radiance happiness
radiance state
radiate emit
radiate exhaust
radiate be
radiate run
radiate issue
radiation energy
radiation entity
radiation phenomenon
radiation process
radiation abstraction
radiation act
radiation emission
radiation entity
radiation event
radiation emission
radiation entity
radiation process
radiation release
radiation abstraction
radiation entity
radiation event
radiation happening
radiation movement
radiation process
radiation spread
radiation entity
radiation part
radiation structure
radiation thing
radiator entity
radiator object
radiator whole
radiator artifact
radiator device
radiator entity
radiator heater
radiator instrumentality
radiator object
radiator whole
radiator artifact
radiator device
radiator entity
radiator instrumentality
radiator mechanism
radiator object
radiator whole
radical entity
radical object
radical organism
radical person
radical whole
radical abstraction
radical entity
radical measure
radical abstraction
radical character
radical communication
radical entity
radical signal
radical symbol
radicalism abstraction
radicalism attitude
radicalism cognition
radicalism entity
radicalism orientation
radio artifact
radio broadcasting
radio entity
radio instrumentality
radio medium
radio object
radio telecommunication
radio whole
radio artifact
radio entity
radio instrumentality
radio object
radio system
radio whole
radio act
radio communicate
radio interact
radiocarbon abstraction
radiocarbon carbon
radiocarbon entity
radiocarbon matter
radiocarbon part
radiocarbon relation
radiocarbon substance
radiology abstraction
radiology cognition
radiology content
radiology discipline
radiology entity
radiology science
radiometer artifact
radiometer device
radiometer entity
radiometer instrumentality
radiometer instrument
radiometer meter
radiometer object
radiometer whole
radish entity
radish food
radish matter
radish produce
radish solid
radish vegetable
radish entity
radish herb
radish object
radish organism
radish plant
radish whole
radish entity
radish object
radish root
radish whole
radish entity
radish herb
radish object
radish organism
radish plant
radish whole
radium abstraction
radium entity
radium matter
radium part
radium relation
radium substance
radius abstraction
radius attribute
radius dimension
radius entity
radius length
radius magnitude
radius measure
radius property
radius abstraction
radius attribute
radius entity
radius line
radius shape
radius entity
radius location
radius object
radius region
radius bone
radius entity
radius part
radius thing
radius tissue
radon abstraction
radon entity
radon fluid
radon gas
radon matter
radon part
radon relation
radon substance
raft artifact
raft entity
raft float
raft object
raft whole
raft move
raft transport
raft travel
raft make
raft manufacture
rag artifact
rag entity
rag fabric
rag object
rag part
rag piece
rag whole
rag abstraction
rag entity
rag measure
rag week
rag abstraction
rag act
rag activity
rag antic
rag diversion
rag entity
rag event
rag make
rag play
rag break
rag change
ragamuffin child
ragamuffin entity
ragamuffin juvenile
ragamuffin object
ragamuffin organism
ragamuffin person
ragamuffin whole
rage abstraction
rage anger
rage arousal
rage attribute
rage condition
rage entity
rage state
rage abstraction
rage arousal
rage attribute
rage condition
rage desire
rage entity
rage state
rage abstraction
rage attribute
rage disorder
rage entity
rage state
rage turbulence
rage violence
rage be
ragtime abstraction
ragtime communication
ragtime entity
ragtime music
raid abstraction
raid act
raid activity
raid crime
raid embezzlement
raid entity
raid event
raid felony
raid transgression
raid attack
raid contend
raid assume
raid take
raid examine
raid search
raider abstraction
raider company
raider entity
raider group
raider institution
raider organization
rail abstraction
rail business
rail carrier
rail enterprise
rail entity
rail group
rail line
rail organization
rail railway
rail artifact
rail bar
rail entity
rail implement
rail instrumentality
rail object
rail whole
rail animal
rail bird
rail entity
rail object
rail organism
rail vertebrate
rail whole
rail complain
rail enclose
rail hold
rail include
rail give
rail supply
rail transfer
rail separate
rail move
rail transport
rail lay
rail move
rail put
rail catch
rail fish
rail seize
rail take
railroad give
railroad supply
railroad transfer
railroad move
railroad transport
railway abstraction
railway business
railway carrier
railway enterprise
railway entity
railway group
railway line
railway organization
rain entity
rain phenomenon
rain precipitation
rain process
rain weather
rain abstraction
rain chemical
rain compound
rain entity
rain fluid
rain liquid
rain material
rain matter
rain part
rain relation
rain substance
rain water
rain abstraction
rain attribute
rain entity
rain property
rain sequence
rain precipitate
rainbow abstraction
rainbow attribute
rainbow bow
rainbow curve
rainbow entity
rainbow line
rainbow shape
rainbow abstraction
rainbow belief
rainbow cognition
rainbow content
rainbow entity
rainbow expectation
rainbow promise
raincoat artifact
raincoat clothing
raincoat coat
raincoat commodity
raincoat covering
raincoat entity
raincoat garment
raincoat object
raincoat whole
raindrop abstraction
raindrop drop
raindrop entity
raindrop measure
rainstorm entity
rainstorm phenomenon
rainstorm precipitation
rainstorm process
rainstorm rain
rainstorm storm
rainstorm weather
raise abstraction
raise amount
raise attribute
raise entity
raise increase
raise magnitude
raise property
raise abstraction
raise act
raise activity
raise entity
raise event
raise gamble
raise risk
raise undertaking
raise venture
raise work
raise change
raise increase
raise move
raise express
raise collect
raise take
raise make
raise construct
raise make
raise move
raise raise
raise bid
raise compete
raise play
raise bet
raise compete
raise gamble
raise play
raise associate
raise mention
raise think
raise pronounce
raise ask
raise challenge
raise communicate
raise convey
raise incite
raise invite
raise move
raise provoke
raise request
raise transfer
raise act
raise communicate
raise interact
raise reach
raise calculate
raise multiply
raise reason
raise think
raise act
raise communicate
raise convey
raise express
raise impart
raise inform
raise interact
raise stress
raise tell
raise better
raise change
raising abstraction
raising attribute
raising entity
raising inheritance
raising upbringing
rake entity
rake object
rake organism
rake person
rake whole
rake artifact
rake entity
rake implement
rake instrumentality
rake object
rake tool
rake whole
rake move
rake change
rake smooth
rake be
rake cover
rake sweep
rake gather
rally abstraction
rally entity
rally gathering
rally group
rally abstraction
rally accomplishment
rally act
rally action
rally entity
rally event
rally feat
rally entity
rally healing
rally process
rally abstraction
rally contest
rally entity
rally event
rally race
rally abstraction
rally act
rally entity
rally event
rally change
rally recover
ram artifact
ram entity
ram implement
ram instrumentality
ram object
ram tool
ram whole
ram animal
ram entity
ram mammal
ram object
ram organism
ram sheep
ram vertebrate
ram whole
ram move
ram push
ram thrust
rambler entity
rambler object
rambler organism
rambler pedestrian
rambler person
rambler traveler
rambler whole
rambler entity
rambler object
rambler organism
rambler person
rambler whole
ramification abstraction
ramification entity
ramification placement
ramification position
ramification relation
ramp artifact
ramp device
ramp entity
ramp instrumentality
ramp machine
ramp mechanism
ramp object
ramp whole
ramp entity
ramp object
ramp organism
ramp plant
ramp whole
ramp artifact
ramp entity
ramp object
ramp stairway
ramp way
ramp whole
ramp act
ramp give
ramp supply
ramp transfer
ramp expose
ramp model
ramp show
ramp climb
ramp rise
ramp travel
ramp be
ramp rest
ramp stand
rampage abstraction
rampage act
rampage action
rampage change
rampage disturbance
rampage entity
rampage event
rampage motion
rampage act
ranch entity
ranch farm
ranch location
ranch object
ranch point
ranch workplace
ranch farm
ranch work
ranching abstraction
ranching act
ranching commerce
ranching cultivation
ranching entity
ranching event
ranching farming
ranching industry
ranching production
ranching transaction
range entity
range extremity
range limit
range location
range object
range region
range entity
range location
range object
range region
range tract
range entity
range object
range artifact
range entity
range facility
range object
range whole
range abstraction
range assortment
range collection
range entity
range group
range be
range constitute
range arrange
range move
range put
range feed
range give
range provide
range transfer
rank abstraction
rank arrangement
rank entity
rank formation
rank group
rank line
rank abstraction
rank attribute
rank entity
rank state
rank status
rank be
rank excel
ranking abstraction
ranking attribute
ranking entity
ranking standing
ranking state
ranking status
ransom abstraction
ransom cost
ransom entity
ransom possession
ransom relation
ransom abstraction
ransom act
ransom commerce
ransom entity
ransom event
ransom payment
ransom transaction
ransom abstraction
ransom act
ransom entity
ransom event
ransom recovery
ransom exchange
ransom transfer
rap abstraction
rap blow
rap contact
rap entity
rap event
rap happening
rap impact
rap abstraction
rap communication
rap conversation
rap entity
rap speech
rap abstraction
rap communication
rap entity
rap music
rap strike
rap touch
rap make
rap perform
rap act
rap communicate
rap interact
rap talk
rape entity
rape herb
rape mustard
rape object
rape organism
rape plant
rape whole
rape abstraction
rape act
rape action
rape aggression
rape entity
rape event
rape plundering
rape abstraction
rape act
rape activity
rape crime
rape entity
rape event
rape transgression
rape destroy
rapid entity
rapid thing
rapid waterway
rapper entertainer
rapper entity
rapper musician
rapper object
rapper organism
rapper performer
rapper person
rapper singer
rapper whole
rapport abstraction
rapport entity
rapport relation
rarity abstraction
rarity amount
rarity attribute
rarity entity
rarity insufficiency
rarity magnitude
rarity property
rarity scarcity
rarity abstraction
rarity attribute
rarity compactness
rarity consistency
rarity density
rarity entity
rarity property
rarity solidity
rash abstraction
rash cognition
rash entity
rash eruption
rash evidence
rash information
rash symptom
rash abstraction
rash arrangement
rash entity
rash group
rash series
rat animal
rat entity
rat mammal
rat object
rat organism
rat rodent
rat vertebrate
rat whole
rat artifact
rat entity
rat object
rat pad
rat whole
rat defect
rat flee
rat leave
rat scat
rat hire
rat cram
rat move
rat pad
rat put
rat stuff
rat capture
rat get
rate abstraction
rate entity
rate relation
rate abstraction
rate charge
rate cost
rate entity
rate possession
rate relation
rate abstraction
rate entity
rate proportion
rate quotient
rate ratio
rate relation
rate evaluate
rate think
rate be
rate evaluate
rate measure
rate think
ratification abstraction
ratification act
ratification agreement
ratification entity
ratification event
rating abstraction
rating attribute
rating entity
rating standing
rating state
rating status
ratio abstraction
ratio entity
ratio relation
ration entity
ration fare
ration food
ration matter
ration substance
ration abstraction
ration assets
ration entity
ration possession
ration relation
ration share
ration change
ration decrease
ration limit
ration allocate
ration assign
ration distribute
ration give
ration transfer
rationale abstraction
rationale cognition
rationale entity
rationale explanation
rationale process
rationale thinking
rationalism abstraction
rationalism belief
rationalism cognition
rationalism content
rationalism doctrine
rationalism entity
rationalism abstraction
rationalism belief
rationalism cognition
rationalism content
rationalism doctrine
rationalism entity
rationalism abstraction
rationalism belief
rationalism cognition
rationalism content
rationalism doctrine
rationalism entity
rationalization abstraction
rationalization cognition
rationalization entity
rationalization explanation
rationalization process
rationalization thinking
rationalization abstraction
rationalization cognition
rationalization entity
rationalization process
rationalization abstraction
rationalization act
rationalization action
rationalization change
rationalization elimination
rationalization entity
rationalization event
rationalization removal
rationalization separation
rationalization simplification
rationalization abstraction
rationalization act
rationalization administration
rationalization entity
rationalization event
rationalization management
rationalization organization
rationing abstraction
rationing act
rationing allotment
rationing distribution
rationing entity
rationing event
rattle abstraction
rattle entity
rattle event
rattle happening
rattle noise
rattle sound
rattle artifact
rattle entity
rattle object
rattle plaything
rattle whole
rattle entity
rattle part
rattle process
rattle tail
rattle thing
rattle sound
rattle move
rattle shake
rave abstraction
rave affair
rave dance
rave entity
rave event
rave party
rave abstraction
rave communication
rave criticism
rave entity
rave review
rave writing
rave celebrate
rave meet
rave party
rave evaluate
rave measure
rave praise
rave think
ravel arrange
ravel move
ravel order
ravel put
ravel change
ravel intertwine
ravel twist
raven animal
raven bird
raven entity
raven object
raven organism
raven vertebrate
raven whole
raven seize
raven take
raven consume
raven feed
raven forage
raven consume
raven feed
ravine entity
ravine object
ravine valley
raw abstraction
raw attribute
raw condition
raw entity
raw nakedness
raw state
ray entity
ray object
ray stalk
ray whole
ray abstraction
ray attribute
ray entity
ray line
ray shape
ray entity
ray part
ray process
ray spine
ray thing
ray animal
ray entity
ray fish
ray object
ray organism
ray vertebrate
ray whole
ray emit
rayon artifact
rayon entity
rayon fabric
rayon object
rayon whole
razor artifact
razor cutter
razor entity
razor implement
razor instrumentality
razor object
razor tool
razor whole
razor better
razor change
razor groom
razor shave
reach abstraction
reach act
reach action
reach change
reach entity
reach event
reach motion
reach arrive
reach move
reach act
reach communicate
reach interact
reach be
reach achieve
reach succeed
react act
react change
reactant abstraction
reactant chemical
reactant entity
reactant material
reactant matter
reactant part
reactant relation
reactant substance
reaction abstraction
reaction cognition
reaction content
reaction entity
reaction idea
reaction entity
reaction process
reaction entity
reaction force
reaction phenomenon
reaction process
reaction consequence
reaction entity
reaction phenomenon
reaction process
reaction response
reaction abstraction
reaction attitude
reaction cognition
reaction conservatism
reaction entity
reaction orientation
reaction abstraction
reaction act
reaction action
reaction entity
reaction event
reaction resistance
reactionary adult
reactionary conservative
reactionary entity
reactionary object
reactionary organism
reactionary person
reactionary whole
reactivate activate
reactivate change
reactivity abstraction
reactivity attribute
reactivity condition
reactivity entity
reactivity state
reactivity susceptibility
reactor artifact
reactor device
reactor entity
reactor instrumentality
reactor object
reactor whole
read artifact
read creation
read entity
read object
read product
read publication
read whole
read work
read interpret
read understand
read have
read act
read communicate
read interact
read talk
read interpret
read understand
read guess
read predict
read reason
read speculate
read think
read act
read communicate
read indicate
read inform
read interact
read audition
read make
read perform
read understand
readability abstraction
readability attribute
readability comprehensibility
readability entity
readability intelligibility
readability quality
reader entity
reader intellectual
reader object
reader organism
reader person
reader scholar
reader whole
reader entity
reader literate
reader object
reader organism
reader person
reader whole
reader artifact
reader book
reader creation
reader entity
reader object
reader product
reader publication
reader textbook
reader whole
reader work
readership abstraction
readership audience
readership entity
readership group
readership multitude
readiness abstraction
readiness attribute
readiness entity
readiness state
readiness abstraction
readiness attribute
readiness disposition
readiness entity
readiness nature
readiness trait
readiness willingness
reading abstraction
reading cognition
reading entity
reading process
reading abstraction
reading communication
reading entity
reading explanation
reading interpretation
reading message
reading statement
reading abstraction
reading cognition
reading entity
reading information
reading abstraction
reading communication
reading entity
reading abstraction
reading act
reading activity
reading entity
reading event
reading measurement
readjustment abstraction
readjustment adjustment
readjustment change
readjustment entity
readjustment event
readjustment happening
readjustment improvement
readjustment transformation
readout abstraction
readout communication
readout entity
readout signal
readout abstraction
readout communication
readout entity
readout information
readout message
readout artifact
readout device
readout entity
readout instrumentality
readout object
readout whole
ready abstraction
ready attribute
ready entity
ready readiness
ready state
real abstraction
real entity
real measure
real abstraction
real coinage
real coin
real currency
real entity
real measure
real standard
realism abstraction
realism attribute
realism entity
realism practicality
realism quality
realism utility
realism abstraction
realism belief
realism cognition
realism content
realism doctrine
realism entity
realist entity
realist intellectual
realist object
realist organism
realist person
realist philosopher
realist scholar
realist whole
realist entity
realist object
realist organism
realist person
realist whole
realist artist
realist creator
realist entity
realist object
realist organism
realist painter
realist person
realist whole
reality abstraction
reality actuality
reality attribute
reality being
reality entity
reality state
reality abstraction
reality actuality
reality attribute
reality being
reality entity
reality state
reality abstraction
reality attribute
reality entity
reality materiality
reality quality
realization abstraction
realization cognition
realization entity
realization knowing
realization process
realization understanding
realization abstraction
realization act
realization activity
realization creation
realization entity
realization event
realization abstraction
realization communication
realization entity
realization music
realization abstraction
realization attribute
realization being
realization entity
realization occasion
realization opportunity
realization possibility
realization sale
realization state
realization abstraction
realization act
realization activity
realization creation
realization entity
realization event
realization abstraction
realization act
realization action
realization change
realization completion
realization entity
realization event
realization termination
realize make
realize exchange
realize sell
realize transfer
realize compose
realize make
reap gather
reap derive
reap get
reap obtain
rear abstraction
rear arrangement
rear entity
rear formation
rear group
rear boundary
rear entity
rear extremity
rear location
rear object
rear region
rear side
rear surface
rear artifact
rear entity
rear object
rear side
rear surface
rear whole
rear change
rear straighten
rear move
rear raise
rearrange arrange
rearrange move
rearrange put
rearrangement abstraction
rearrangement act
rearrangement activity
rearrangement arrangement
rearrangement creation
rearrangement entity
rearrangement event
reason abstraction
reason entity
reason motivation
reason abstraction
reason communication
reason entity
reason explanation
reason message
reason statement
reason ability
reason abstraction
reason cognition
reason entity
reason faculty
reason abstraction
reason cognition
reason entity
reason fact
reason information
reason think
reasoning abstraction
reasoning cognition
reasoning entity
reasoning process
reasoning thinking
rebate abstraction
rebate cost
rebate entity
rebate payment
rebate possession
rebate refund
rebate relation
rebate change
rebate decrease
rebate discount
rebate reduce
rebate shave
rebate cut
rebate move
rebate separate
rebate connect
rebate join
rebel advocate
rebel confederate
rebel entity
rebel inhabitant
rebel object
rebel organism
rebel person
rebel serviceman
rebel soldier
rebel supporter
rebel whole
rebel worker
rebel evaluate
rebel oppose
rebel protest
rebel refute
rebel reject
rebel think
rebel evaluate
rebel oppose
rebel protest
rebel refute
rebel reject
rebel think
rebellion abstraction
rebellion act
rebellion entity
rebellion event
rebellion resistance
rebellion abstraction
rebellion act
rebellion conflict
rebellion entity
rebellion event
rebirth abstraction
rebirth change
rebirth entity
rebirth event
rebirth happening
rebirth improvement
rebirth revival
rebirth transformation
rebound entity
rebound process
rebound reaction
rebound abstraction
rebound act
rebound catch
rebound entity
rebound event
rebound touch
rebroadcast abstraction
rebroadcast broadcast
rebroadcast communication
rebroadcast entity
rebroadcast message
rebuild construct
rebuild make
rebuke abstraction
rebuke communication
rebuke criticism
rebuke disapproval
rebuke entity
rebuke message
rebuttal abstraction
rebuttal act
rebuttal answer
rebuttal entity
rebuttal event
rebuttal refutation
rebuttal reply
recall abstraction
recall act
recall entity
recall event
recall request
recall abstraction
recall act
recall call
recall entity
recall event
recall request
recall abstraction
recall communication
recall entity
recall signal
recall abstraction
recall cognition
recall entity
recall memory
recall process
recall abstraction
recall act
recall action
recall cancellation
recall change
recall entity
recall event
recall ask
recall call
recall communicate
recall convey
recall move
recall order
recall request
recall transfer
recall concentrate
recall think
recall cancel
recall declare
recall evaluate
recall think
recall take
recapture abstraction
recapture act
recapture appropriation
recapture entity
recapture event
recapture seizure
recapture abstraction
recapture act
recapture entity
recapture event
recapture recovery
recapture feel
recapture capture
recapture make
recapture represent
recapture take
recapture get
recapture seize
recapture take
recede change
receipt abstraction
receipt communication
receipt entity
receipt message
receipt check
receipt confirm
receipt verify
receivables abstraction
receivables assets
receivables entity
receivables possession
receivables relation
receive get
receive change
receive accept
receive evaluate
receive think
receive change
receive convert
receive celebrate
receive meet
receive consume
receive evaluate
receive see
receive think
receiver artifact
receiver entity
receiver equipment
receiver instrumentality
receiver object
receiver set
receiver whole
receiver athlete
receiver contestant
receiver entity
receiver object
receiver organism
receiver person
receiver player
receiver whole
receiver athlete
receiver contestant
receiver entity
receiver object
receiver organism
receiver person
receiver player
receiver whole
receptacle artifact
receptacle container
receptacle entity
receptacle instrumentality
receptacle object
receptacle whole
receptacle entity
receptacle object
receptacle whole
receptacle accessory
receptacle component
receptacle entity
receptacle fitting
receptacle object
receptacle part
reception abstraction
reception communication
reception entity
reception greeting
reception message
reception abstraction
reception entity
reception gathering
reception group
reception party
reception artifact
reception broadcasting
reception entity
reception instrumentality
reception medium
reception object
reception telecommunication
reception whole
reception abstraction
reception act
reception entity
reception event
reception abstraction
reception act
reception catch
reception entity
reception event
reception touch
receptionist assistant
receptionist entity
receptionist object
receptionist organism
receptionist person
receptionist secretary
receptionist whole
receptionist worker
receptor entity
receptor part
receptor structure
receptor thing
recess abstraction
recess attribute
recess entity
recess shape
recess solid
recess area
recess artifact
recess enclosure
recess entity
recess object
recess structure
recess whole
recess move
recess put
recess cut
recess indent
recess move
recess notch
recess separate
recession abstraction
recession attribute
recession condition
recession entity
recession state
recession abstraction
recession act
recession collection
recession entity
recession event
recession group
recession procession
recession abstraction
recession act
recession action
recession change
recession entity
recession event
recession relinquishment
recession termination
recharge change
recharge fill
recharge load
recharge charge
recharge give
recharge supply
recharge transfer
recipe abstraction
recipe communication
recipe direction
recipe entity
recipe message
recipient entity
recipient object
recipient organism
recipient person
recipient whole
reciprocal abstraction
reciprocal entity
reciprocal relation
reciprocate act
reciprocate move
reciprocation abstraction
reciprocation act
reciprocation entity
reciprocation event
reciprocation return
reciprocation abstraction
reciprocation act
reciprocation action
reciprocation change
reciprocation entity
reciprocation event
reciprocation motion
reciprocity abstraction
reciprocity act
reciprocity action
reciprocity entity
reciprocity event
reciprocity interaction
reciprocity interchange
recital abstraction
recital entity
recital event
recital performance
recital show
recital abstraction
recital communication
recital entity
recital message
recital statement
recital abstraction
recital communication
recital entity
recital evidence
recital history
recital indication
recital record
recitation abstraction
recitation communication
recitation entity
recitation matter
recitation writing
recitation abstraction
recitation act
recitation address
recitation entity
recitation event
recite repeat
recite utter
recite make
reckon calculate
reckon estimate
reckon reason
reckon think
reckoning abstraction
reckoning bill
reckoning communication
reckoning document
reckoning entity
reckoning statement
reckoning writing
reclaim get
reclaim recycle
reclaim use
reclaim change
reclaim convert
reclamation abstraction
reclamation act
reclamation action
reclamation change
reclamation entity
reclamation event
reclamation improvement
reclamation repair
reclamation restoration
reclamation abstraction
reclamation act
reclamation entity
reclamation event
reclamation recovery
reclamation rescue
reclamation abstraction
reclamation act
reclamation entity
reclamation event
reclamation recovery
reclining abstraction
reclining act
reclining action
reclining change
reclining entity
reclining event
reclining motion
recognition abstraction
recognition acceptance
recognition attribute
recognition entity
recognition situation
recognition state
recognition abstraction
recognition cognition
recognition entity
recognition memory
recognition process
recognition abstraction
recognition approval
recognition communication
recognition entity
recognition message
recognition entity
recognition phenomenon
recognition process
recognition abstraction
recognition communication
recognition diplomacy
recognition discussion
recognition entity
recognition negotiation
recognition speech
recognition abstraction
recognition attitude
recognition cognition
recognition credence
recognition entity
recognition abstraction
recognition act
recognition action
recognition appointment
recognition choice
recognition decision
recognition entity
recognition event
recognize know
recognize remember
recognize be
recognize evaluate
recognize prize
recognize see
recognize think
recollection abstraction
recollection cognition
recollection content
recollection entity
recollection memory
recollection representation
recombination abstraction
recombination combining
recombination entity
recombination event
recombination happening
recombination union
recombination abstraction
recombination combining
recombination entity
recombination event
recombination happening
recombination union
recommend declare
recommend express
recommend propose
recommend state
recommend change
recommendation abstraction
recommendation advice
recommendation communication
recommendation entity
recommendation message
recommendation proposal
recommendation abstraction
recommendation approval
recommendation communication
recommendation entity
recommendation message
recommendation praise
recommendation abstraction
recommendation attribute
recommendation characteristic
recommendation entity
recommendation quality
reconcile agree
reconciliation abstraction
reconciliation act
reconciliation cooperation
reconciliation entity
reconciliation event
reconciliation abstraction
reconciliation act
reconciliation entity
reconciliation equalization
reconciliation event
reconnaissance abstraction
reconnaissance act
reconnaissance activity
reconnaissance entity
reconnaissance event
reconnaissance intelligence
reconnaissance operation
reconsider evaluate
reconsider see
reconsider think
reconsider evaluate
reconsider see
reconsider think
reconstruct evaluate
reconstruct expect
reconstruct speculate
reconstruct think
reconstruct change
reconstruction abstraction
reconstruction act
reconstruction action
reconstruction change
reconstruction entity
reconstruction event
reconstruction improvement
reconstruction repair
reconstruction abstraction
reconstruction communication
reconstruction entity
reconstruction explanation
reconstruction interpretation
reconstruction message
reconstruction statement
reconstruction abstraction
reconstruction cognition
reconstruction entity
reconstruction memory
reconstruction process
reconstruction recall
reconvert change
reconvert convert
record abstraction
record communication
record entity
record evidence
record indication
record abstraction
record entity
record measure
record number
record abstraction
record accomplishment
record act
record action
record entity
record event
record abstraction
record communication
record entity
record fact
record information
record message
record abstraction
record accomplishment
record act
record action
record attainment
record entity
record event
record abstraction
record communication
record document
record entity
record have
record keep
record save
record have
record keep
record record
record save
recorder artifact
recorder entity
recorder equipment
recorder instrumentality
recorder object
recorder whole
recorder entity
recorder judge
recorder object
recorder official
recorder organism
recorder person
recorder whole
recorder worker
recording abstraction
recording communication
recording entity
recording signal
recording abstraction
recording act
recording activity
recording creation
recording entity
recording event
recording artifact
recording device
recording entity
recording instrumentality
recording object
recording whole
recount abstraction
recount act
recount activity
recount count
recount entity
recount event
recount investigation
recount work
recount count
recount determine
recourse abstraction
recourse act
recourse activity
recourse aid
recourse entity
recourse event
recourse abstraction
recourse asset
recourse attribute
recourse entity
recourse quality
recourse resource
recover get
recover change
recover get
recover cover
recovery abstraction
recovery change
recovery entity
recovery event
recovery happening
recovery improvement
recovery transformation
recovery abstraction
recovery act
recovery entity
recovery event
recreate make
recruit entity
recruit object
recruit organism
recruit person
recruit serviceman
recruit whole
recruit worker
recruit entity
recruit newcomer
recruit novice
recruit object
recruit organism
recruit person
recruit whole
recruit engage
recruit get
recruit obtain
recruit procure
recruit enroll
recruit have
recruit keep
recruit record
recruit register
recruit save
recruitment abstraction
recruitment accomplishment
recruitment act
recruitment action
recruitment entity
recruitment event
rectangle abstraction
rectangle attribute
rectangle entity
rectangle figure
rectangle parallelogram
rectangle polygon
rectangle quadrilateral
rectangle shape
rectification entity
rectification processing
rectification process
rectification refining
rectification abstraction
rectification change
rectification conversion
rectification entity
rectification event
rectification happening
rectification transformation
rectification abstraction
rectification act
rectification determination
rectification discovery
rectification entity
rectification event
rectifier artifact
rectifier device
rectifier entity
rectifier instrumentality
rectifier object
rectifier whole
rectifier entity
rectifier object
rectifier organism
rectifier person
rectifier whole
rectify determine
rectify change
rectify correct
rectify change
rectify make
rectify replace
rectum entity
rectum part
rectum thing
recuperate better
recuperate change
recuperate help
recuperate better
recuperate change
recur happen
recur denote
recur mean
recurrence abstraction
recurrence entity
recurrence event
recurrence happening
recurrence repeat
recycle cycle
recycle pass
recycle use
recycling abstraction
recycling act
recycling activity
recycling entity
recycling event
recycling use
red abstraction
red attribute
red color
red entity
red property
redact editor
redact entity
redact object
redact organism
redact person
redact whole
redact worker
redeem change
redeem restore
redeem exchange
redeem transfer
redeem give
redeem pay
redeem transfer
redeem cash
redeem exchange
redeem transfer
redeemer entity
redeemer object
redeemer organism
redeemer person
redeemer whole
redemption abstraction
redemption act
redemption entity
redemption event
redemption recovery
redemption rescue
redemption abstraction
redemption cost
redemption entity
redemption payment
redemption possession
redemption relation
redemption repayment
redemption abstraction
redemption acquisition
redemption act
redemption entity
redemption event
redemption purchase
redhead entity
redhead object
redhead organism
redhead person
redhead whole
redhead animal
redhead bird
redhead duck
redhead entity
redhead object
redhead organism
redhead vertebrate
redhead waterfowl
redhead whole
redirect move
redirect send
rediscover discover
rediscovery abstraction
rediscovery act
rediscovery discovery
rediscovery entity
rediscovery event
redistribution abstraction
redistribution act
redistribution distribution
redistribution entity
redistribution event
redress abstraction
redress act
redress action
redress change
redress correction
redress entity
redress event
redress improvement
reduce change
reduce decrease
reduce change
reduce simplify
reduce appoint
reduce delegate
reduce demote
reduce change
reduce substitute
reduce arouse
reduce humiliate
reduce hurt
reduce make
reduce become
reduce change
reduce transform
reduce deny
reduce deprive
reduce have
reduce impoverish
reduce keep
reduce withhold
reduce change
reduce decrease
reduce shrink
reduce control
reduce forget
reduce inhibit
reduce restrain
reduce restrict
reduce suppress
reduce change
reduce separate
reduce move
reduce put
reduce reposition
reduce change
reduce decrease
reduce change
reducing decline
reducing decrease
reducing entity
reducing loss
reducing process
reduction entity
reduction process
reduction abstraction
reduction act
reduction action
reduction change
reduction entity
reduction event
redwood abstraction
redwood entity
redwood material
redwood matter
redwood part
redwood relation
redwood substance
redwood wood
reed entity
reed herb
reed object
reed organism
reed plant
reed whole
reed artifact
reed device
reed entity
reed instrumentality
reed mechanism
reed object
reed whole
reef entity
reef object
reef ridge
reef artifact
reef entity
reef object
reef strip
reef whole
reef lower
reef move
reef change
reef decrease
reef shrink
reek smell
reek excrete
reek exhaust
reek exude
reek emit
reel artifact
reel entity
reel equipment
reel film
reel instrumentality
reel object
reel whole
reel abstraction
reel communication
reel entity
reel music
reel artifact
reel device
reel entity
reel instrumentality
reel mechanism
reel object
reel whole
reel abstraction
reel act
reel activity
reel cognition
reel content
reel dancing
reel discipline
reel diversion
reel entity
reel event
reel move
reel wind
reelection abstraction
reelection act
reelection election
reelection entity
reelection event
reelection vote
reenactment abstraction
reenactment act
reenactment acting
reenactment activity
reenactment cognition
reenactment content
reenactment discipline
reenactment entity
reenactment event
refer categorize
refer classify
refer reason
refer think
refer move
refer send
refer designate
refer label
refer name
referee entity
referee object
referee official
referee organism
referee person
referee whole
referee adult
referee entity
referee lawyer
referee object
referee organism
referee person
referee professional
referee whole
referee change
referee decide
referee end
referee judge
referee evaluate
referee review
referee think
reference abstraction
reference cognition
reference content
reference entity
reference idea
reference meaning
reference abstraction
reference act
reference action
reference entity
reference event
reference artifact
reference creation
reference entity
reference object
reference product
reference publication
reference whole
reference work
reference abstraction
reference cognition
reference content
reference entity
reference idea
reference meaning
reference make
reference write
referendum abstraction
referendum act
referendum entity
referendum event
referendum vote
referral case
referral entity
referral object
referral organism
referral person
referral whole
referral abstraction
referral advice
referral communication
referral entity
referral message
referral proposal
referral recommendation
referral abstraction
referral act
referral causing
referral entity
referral event
referral forwarding
referral sending
referral transmission
refill agent
refill drug
refill entity
refill matter
refill medicine
refill substance
refill artifact
refill commodity
refill entity
refill merchandise
refill object
refill whole
refine affect
refine change
refine process
refine better
refine change
refine purify
refine change
refine decrease
refine weaken
refine change
refinement abstraction
refinement change
refinement entity
refinement event
refinement happening
refinement improvement
refinement transformation
refinement abstraction
refinement attribute
refinement entity
refinement excellence
refinement quality
refinery artifact
refinery entity
refinery object
refinery plant
refinery structure
refinery whole
refining entity
refining processing
refining process
refit abstraction
refit act
refit arming
refit entity
refit event
refit mobilization
refit equip
refit give
refit supply
refit transfer
reflect act
reflect communicate
reflect indicate
reflect inform
reflect interact
reflect emit
reflect show
reflect act
reflect attest
reflect communicate
reflect inform
reflect interact
reflect testify
reflect act
reflect attest
reflect communicate
reflect inform
reflect interact
reflect testify
reflection entity
reflection phenomenon
reflection process
reflection artifact
reflection creation
reflection entity
reflection object
reflection picture
reflection representation
reflection whole
reflection abstraction
reflection entity
reflection function
reflection relation
reflection transformation
reflection abstraction
reflection attribute
reflection entity
reflection property
reflex entity
reflex process
reflex reaction
reform abstraction
reform act
reform action
reform change
reform entity
reform event
reform improvement
reform abstraction
reform act
reform activity
reform campaign
reform entity
reform event
reform undertaking
reform venture
reform work
reform abstraction
reform act
reform action
reform change
reform entity
reform event
reform improvement
reform better
reform change
reform make
reform change
reform better
reform change
reform better
reform change
reformation abstraction
reformation attribute
reformation condition
reformation entity
reformation improvement
reformation state
reformation abstraction
reformation entity
reformation group
reformation movement
reformatory artifact
reformatory entity
reformatory establishment
reformatory institution
reformatory object
reformatory structure
reformatory whole
reformer entity
reformer object
reformer organism
reformer person
reformer whole
reformer apparatus
reformer artifact
reformer entity
reformer equipment
reformer instrumentality
reformer object
reformer whole
refraction entity
refraction phenomenon
refraction process
refrain abstraction
refrain communication
refrain entity
refrain music
refrigeration cooling
refrigeration entity
refrigeration preservation
refrigeration process
refrigeration abstraction
refrigeration act
refrigeration activity
refrigeration care
refrigeration entity
refrigeration event
refrigeration therapy
refrigeration treatment
refrigeration work
refuel fuel
refuel give
refuel supply
refuel transfer
refuel fuel
refuel get
refuel receive
refuge artifact
refuge entity
refuge object
refuge shelter
refuge structure
refuge whole
refugee entity
refugee exile
refugee object
refugee organism
refugee person
refugee traveler
refugee whole
refund abstraction
refund cost
refund entity
refund payment
refund possession
refund relation
refund abstraction
refund act
refund commerce
refund entity
refund event
refund payment
refund transaction
refund give
refund pay
refund transfer
refusal abstraction
refusal act
refusal denial
refusal entity
refusal event
refusal abstraction
refusal communication
refusal entity
refusal message
refuse act
refuse react
refutation abstraction
refutation act
refutation answer
refutation entity
refutation event
refutation reply
refute evaluate
refute reject
refute think
refute confirm
refute negate
refute prove
regard abstraction
regard communication
regard entity
regard greeting
regard message
regard abstraction
regard affection
regard attribute
regard entity
regard feeling
regard state
regard look
regency abstraction
regency duration
regency entity
regency measure
regency rule
regency abstraction
regency act
regency activity
regency entity
regency event
regency occupation
regency position
regeneration entity
regeneration process
regeneration abstraction
regeneration change
regeneration entity
regeneration event
regeneration happening
regeneration improvement
regeneration revival
regeneration transformation
reggae abstraction
reggae communication
reggae entity
reggae music
regimen abstraction
regimen cognition
regimen content
regimen entity
regimen idea
regimen plan
regiment abstraction
regiment entity
regiment group
regiment organization
regiment unit
regiment control
regiment form
regiment make
regiment appoint
regiment delegate
regimentation abstraction
regimentation act
regimentation enforcement
regimentation entity
regimentation event
regimentation imposition
region entity
region location
region object
region entity
region location
region object
region abstraction
region entity
region measure
region abstraction
region cognition
region content
region entity
regionalism abstraction
regionalism communication
regionalism entity
regionalism speech
regionalism abstraction
regionalism argumentation
regionalism cognition
regionalism entity
regionalism policy
regionalism process
regionalism reasoning
regionalism thinking
regionalism abstraction
regionalism attribute
regionalism entity
regionalism fidelity
regionalism loyalty
regionalism quality
register abstraction
register communication
register entity
register evidence
register indication
register record
register abstraction
register attribute
register entity
register property
register abstraction
register communication
register document
register entity
register record
register artifact
register device
register entity
register instrumentality
register object
register whole
register artifact
register conduit
register duct
register entity
register object
register passage
register way
register whole
register artifact
register control
register device
register entity
register instrumentality
register mechanism
register object
register regulator
register whole
register have
register keep
register record
register save
register enroll
register have
register keep
register record
register register
register save
register appear
register show
register play
register sound
register mail
register move
register transfer
register affect
register change
registrant entity
registrant object
registrant organism
registrant person
registrant whole
registrar employee
registrar entity
registrar object
registrar organism
registrar person
registrar whole
registrar worker
registrar administrator
registrar entity
registrar head
registrar leader
registrar object
registrar organism
registrar person
registrar whole
registrar entity
registrar object
registrar official
registrar organism
registrar person
registrar whole
registrar worker
registration abstraction
registration act
registration action
registration arrival
registration entity
registration entrance
registration event
registration abstraction
registration body
registration entity
registration group
registration abstraction
registration certificate
registration communication
registration document
registration entity
registration writing
registration abstraction
registration attribute
registration entity
registration property
regress abstraction
regress cognition
regress entity
regress process
regress reasoning
regress thinking
regress change
regress worsen
regression abstraction
regression cognition
regression entity
regression process
regression ability
regression abstraction
regression cognition
regression entity
regression method
regression abstraction
regression act
regression action
regression change
regression entity
regression event
regression reversal
regret desire
regret miss
regret act
regret react
regret refuse
regret act
regret communicate
regret inform
regret interact
regroup categorize
regroup classify
regroup group
regroup reason
regroup think
regular consumer
regular customer
regular entity
regular object
regular organism
regular patron
regular person
regular user
regular whole
regular entity
regular object
regular organism
regular person
regular serviceman
regular soldier
regular whole
regular worker
regular entity
regular follower
regular object
regular organism
regular person
regular whole
regular abstraction
regular attribute
regular entity
regular property
regular size
regularity abstraction
regularity attribute
regularity entity
regularity property
regularity symmetry
regularity abstraction
regularity attribute
regularity entity
regularity quality
regularization abstraction
regularization attribute
regularization condition
regularization entity
regularization state
regulate adjust
regulate change
regulate decide
regulation abstraction
regulation communication
regulation direction
regulation entity
regulation message
regulation rule
regulation abstraction
regulation attribute
regulation condition
regulation dominance
regulation entity
regulation state
regulation entity
regulation process
regulation abstraction
regulation act
regulation activity
regulation control
regulation entity
regulation event
regulation abstraction
regulation act
regulation activity
regulation control
regulation entity
regulation event
regulator artifact
regulator control
regulator device
regulator entity
regulator instrumentality
regulator mechanism
regulator object
regulator whole
regulator entity
regulator object
regulator official
regulator organism
regulator person
regulator whole
regulator worker
rehabilitation abstraction
rehabilitation act
rehabilitation action
rehabilitation change
rehabilitation entity
rehabilitation event
rehabilitation improvement
rehabilitation repair
rehabilitation restoration
rehabilitation abstraction
rehabilitation accomplishment
rehabilitation act
rehabilitation action
rehabilitation clearing
rehabilitation entity
rehabilitation event
rehabilitation liberation
rehabilitation vindication
rehabilitation abstraction
rehabilitation act
rehabilitation activity
rehabilitation care
rehabilitation entity
rehabilitation event
rehabilitation therapy
rehabilitation treatment
rehabilitation work
rehearsal abstraction
rehearsal act
rehearsal activity
rehearsal entity
rehearsal event
rehearsal exercise
rehearsal training
rehearsal abstraction
rehearsal act
rehearsal activity
rehearsal entity
rehearsal event
rehearsal exercise
rehearsal training
reign abstraction
reign entity
reign measure
reign abstraction
reign entity
reign era
reign measure
reign abstraction
reign attribute
reign condition
reign dominance
reign dominion
reign entity
reign state
reign control
reign govern
reimburse give
reimburse pay
reimburse refund
reimburse transfer
reimbursement abstraction
reimbursement compensation
reimbursement cost
reimbursement entity
reimbursement payment
reimbursement possession
reimbursement relation
reincarnate change
reincarnate make
reincarnation embodiment
reincarnation entity
reincarnation object
reincarnation organism
reincarnation personification
reincarnation person
reincarnation whole
reincarnation abstraction
reincarnation birth
reincarnation change
reincarnation entity
reincarnation event
reincarnation happening
reincarnation abstraction
reincarnation belief
reincarnation cognition
reincarnation content
reincarnation doctrine
reincarnation entity
reinforce change
reinforce strengthen
reinforce act
reinforce communicate
reinforce inform
reinforce interact
reinforce teach
reinforcement abstraction
reinforcement communication
reinforcement confirmation
reinforcement entity
reinforcement information
reinforcement message
reinterpretation abstraction
reinterpretation cognition
reinterpretation content
reinterpretation entity
reinterpretation interpretation
reinterpretation representation
reinterpretation abstraction
reinterpretation act
reinterpretation activity
reinterpretation diversion
reinterpretation entertainment
reinterpretation entity
reinterpretation event
reinterpretation performance
reinterpretation presentation
reinterpretation rendition
reinterpretation show
reintroduction abstraction
reintroduction act
reintroduction entity
reintroduction event
reintroduction presentation
reissue artifact
reissue creation
reissue entity
reissue object
reissue product
reissue publication
reissue whole
reissue work
reissue distribute
reissue issue
reissue transfer
reject evaluate
reject think
reject act
reject react
reject refuse
rejection abstraction
rejection act
rejection entity
rejection event
rejection abstraction
rejection attribute
rejection entity
rejection situation
rejection state
rejection entity
rejection phenomenon
rejection process
rejection abstraction
rejection act
rejection entity
rejection event
rejoice feel
rejoicing abstraction
rejoicing attribute
rejoicing entity
rejoicing feeling
rejoicing happiness
rejoicing state
rejoin join
rejuvenation entity
rejuvenation phenomenon
rejuvenation process
rejuvenation abstraction
rejuvenation act
rejuvenation action
rejuvenation change
rejuvenation entity
rejuvenation event
rejuvenation improvement
rejuvenation repair
rejuvenation restoration
rekindle burn
rekindle ignite
rekindle kindle
rekindle arouse
rekindle make
relapse change
relate act
relate communicate
relate inform
relate interact
relate tell
relate be
relate act
relate interact
relatedness abstraction
relatedness connection
relatedness entity
relatedness relation
relation abstraction
relation entity
relation abstraction
relation act
relation entity
relation event
relation narration
relation report
relation abstraction
relation act
relation action
relation entity
relation event
relation interaction
relation interchange
relationship abstraction
relationship entity
relationship relation
relationship abstraction
relationship attribute
relationship entity
relationship state
relationship abstraction
relationship attribute
relationship entity
relationship state
relative entity
relative object
relative organism
relative person
relative whole
relative entity
relative object
relative organism
relative whole
relativism abstraction
relativism belief
relativism cognition
relativism content
relativism doctrine
relativism entity
relativity abstraction
relativity cognition
relativity entity
relativity explanation
relativity process
relativity theory
relativity thinking
relativity abstraction
relativity attribute
relativity entity
relativity quality
relax change
relax loosen
relax affect
relax change
relax act
relax change
relaxation entity
relaxation increase
relaxation process
relaxation decay
relaxation decrease
relaxation entity
relaxation process
relaxation abstraction
relaxation change
relaxation entity
relaxation event
relaxation happening
relaxation transformation
relaxation weakening
relaxation abstraction
relaxation act
relaxation activity
relaxation calculation
relaxation entity
relaxation event
relaxation procedure
relay abstraction
relay act
relay action
relay change
relay delivery
relay entity
relay event
relay movement
relay passage
relay transportation
relay abstraction
relay entity
relay gang
relay group
relay organization
relay shift
relay unit
relay abstraction
relay entity
relay group
relay team
relay abstraction
relay contest
relay entity
relay event
relay race
relay artifact
relay device
relay entity
relay instrumentality
relay object
relay whole
relay communicate
relay convey
relay move
relay transfer
relay handle
relay manipulate
relay operate
relay touch
release artifact
release commodity
release entity
release merchandise
release object
release whole
release entity
release process
release artifact
release device
release entity
release instrumentality
release object
release whole
release abstraction
release act
release activity
release entity
release event
release abstraction
release act
release action
release change
release entity
release event
release relinquishment
release termination
release abstraction
release act
release action
release change
release entity
release event
release termination
release pass
release transfer
release generate
release make
relentlessness abstraction
relentlessness attribute
relentlessness entity
relentlessness mercilessness
relentlessness quality
relevance abstraction
relevance connection
relevance entity
relevance relation
reliance abstraction
reliance attribute
reliance certainty
reliance condition
reliance entity
reliance state
reliance abstraction
reliance attribute
reliance dependence
reliance entity
reliance state
relic antiquity
relic artifact
relic entity
relic object
relic whole
relief abstraction
relief attribute
relief comfort
relief entity
relief feeling
relief pleasure
relief state
relief abstraction
relief attribute
relief comfort
relief condition
relief entity
relief state
relief abstraction
relief compensation
relief cost
relief damages
relief entity
relief payment
relief possession
relief relation
relief abstraction
relief act
relief activity
relief aid
relief entity
relief event
relief abstraction
relief acquisition
relief aid
relief entity
relief gift
relief possession
relief relation
relief abstraction
relief art
relief artifact
relief attribute
relief creation
relief entity
relief figure
relief object
relief sculpture
relief shape
relief whole
relief abstraction
relief accomplishment
relief act
relief action
relief entity
relief event
relief liberation
relieve better
relieve change
relieve rid
relieve take
relieve change
relieve decrease
relieve mitigate
religion abstraction
religion attribute
religion belief
religion cognition
religion content
religion entity
religion good
religion morality
religion quality
religion virtue
religion abstraction
religion entity
religion group
religion institution
religion organization
religious entity
religious object
religious organism
religious person
religious whole
religiousness abstraction
religiousness attribute
religiousness conscience
religiousness entity
religiousness morality
religiousness quality
relinquishment abstraction
relinquishment act
relinquishment entity
relinquishment event
relinquishment renunciation
relinquishment resignation
relinquishment abstraction
relinquishment act
relinquishment action
relinquishment change
relinquishment entity
relinquishment event
relinquishment termination
relish condiment
relish entity
relish food
relish foodstuff
relish ingredient
relish matter
relish substance
relish abstraction
relish cognition
relish entity
relish perception
relish process
relish sensation
relish taste
relive change
relive experience
relive know
relive undergo
reload change
reload fill
reload load
relocate move
reluctance entity
reluctance phenomenon
reluctance process
reluctance abstraction
reluctance attribute
reluctance disposition
reluctance entity
reluctance nature
reluctance trait
reluctance unwillingness
remain be
remainder abstraction
remainder entity
remainder part
remainder relation
remainder abstraction
remainder entity
remainder measure
remainder number
remainder abstraction
remainder entity
remainder measure
remainder number
remainder exchange
remainder sell
remainder transfer
remains entity
remains object
remake artifact
remake creation
remake entity
remake object
remake whole
remake produce
remark abstraction
remark communication
remark entity
remark message
remark statement
remark abstraction
remark attention
remark cognition
remark entity
remark notice
remark process
remedy agent
remedy drug
remedy entity
remedy matter
remedy medicine
remedy substance
remedy treat
remember bequeath
remember give
remember associate
remember mention
remember think
remember associate
remember think
remembrance ability
remembrance abstraction
remembrance cognition
remembrance entity
remembrance faculty
remembrance memory
reminder abstraction
reminder communication
reminder entity
reminder message
reminder abstraction
reminder cognition
reminder content
reminder entity
reminder experience
reminisce remember
reminiscence abstraction
reminiscence cognition
reminiscence content
reminiscence entity
reminiscence memory
reminiscence representation
remittance abstraction
remittance cost
remittance entity
remittance payment
remittance possession
remittance relation
remount animal
remount entity
remount horse
remount mammal
remount object
remount organism
remount vertebrate
remount whole
remount move
remount attach
remount connect
remount mount
remount give
remount horse
remount provide
remount transfer
removal abstraction
removal act
removal action
removal change
removal entity
removal event
removal separation
removal abstraction
removal act
removal action
removal change
removal dismissal
removal entity
removal event
removal termination
remove abstraction
remove distance
remove entity
remove placement
remove position
remove relation
remove spacing
remove move
remove transfer
rename designate
rename label
rename name
rename appoint
rename name
rend move
rend separate
rend tear
render abstraction
render artifact
render entity
render matter
render mixture
render object
render part
render plaster
render relation
render stucco
render substance
render whole
render change
render make
render produce
render communicate
render convey
render move
render transfer
render give
render transfer
render coat
render cover
rendering artifact
rendering coating
rendering covering
rendering entity
rendering object
rendering whole
rendering artifact
rendering creation
rendering drawing
rendering entity
rendering object
rendering representation
rendering whole
rendering abstraction
rendering act
rendering commerce
rendering entity
rendering event
rendering payment
rendering transaction
rendezvous abstraction
rendezvous act
rendezvous assembly
rendezvous entity
rendezvous event
rendezvous meeting
rendezvous entity
rendezvous location
rendezvous object
rendezvous point
rendezvous meet
rendition abstraction
rendition entity
rendition event
rendition performance
rendition show
rendition abstraction
rendition act
rendition activity
rendition entity
rendition event
rendition maltreatment
rendition persecution
rendition practice
rendition abstraction
rendition act
rendition activity
rendition diversion
rendition entertainment
rendition entity
rendition event
rendition performance
rendition presentation
rendition show
renewal abstraction
renewal act
renewal activity
renewal continuance
renewal entity
renewal event
renewal repetition
renovate make
renovation abstraction
renovation act
renovation action
renovation change
renovation entity
renovation event
renovation improvement
renovation abstraction
renovation attribute
renovation condition
renovation entity
renovation improvement
renovation state
rent abstraction
rent cost
rent entity
rent payment
rent possession
rent relation
rent abstraction
rent act
rent action
rent change
rent entity
rent event
rent separation
rent tear
rent contract
rent declare
rent express
rent promise
rent state
rent contract
rent declare
rent express
rent promise
rent state
rental abstraction
rental act
rental entity
rental event
rental transaction
renunciation abstraction
renunciation act
renunciation entity
renunciation event
renunciation resignation
renunciation abstraction
renunciation act
renunciation entity
renunciation event
renunciation rejection
reorganization abstraction
reorganization act
reorganization administration
reorganization entity
reorganization event
reorganization management
reorganization organization
reorganization abstraction
reorganization act
reorganization action
reorganization change
reorganization entity
reorganization event
reorganization revision
reorganization transformation
reorganize control
reorganize manage
reorganize organize
reorganize form
reorganize make
rep congressman
rep entity
rep leader
rep legislator
rep object
rep organism
rep person
rep politician
rep whole
rep artifact
rep entity
rep fabric
rep object
rep whole
repair abstraction
repair act
repair action
repair change
repair entity
repair event
repair improvement
repair abstraction
repair attribute
repair condition
repair entity
repair state
repair better
repair change
repair travel
reparation abstraction
reparation compensation
reparation cost
reparation entity
reparation payment
reparation possession
reparation relation
reparation abstraction
reparation compensation
reparation cost
reparation entity
reparation payment
reparation possession
reparation relation
reparation abstraction
reparation act
reparation entity
reparation event
reparation recovery
reparation redemption
reparation rescue
repayment abstraction
repayment cost
repayment entity
repayment payment
repayment possession
repayment relation
repeat abstraction
repeat entity
repeat event
repeat happening
repeat act
repeat communicate
repeat inform
repeat interact
repeat tell
repeat utter
repeat act
repeater entity
repeater object
repeater organism
repeater person
repeater whole
repeater artifact
repeater device
repeater entity
repeater instrumentality
repeater object
repeater whole
repel move
repel push
repel contend
repel fight
repent feel
repentance abstraction
repentance attribute
repentance entity
repentance feeling
repentance sadness
repentance sorrow
repentance state
repercussion consequence
repercussion entity
repercussion phenomenon
repercussion process
repertoire abstraction
repertoire collection
repertoire entity
repertoire group
repetition abstraction
repetition act
repetition activity
repetition continuance
repetition entity
repetition event
repetition abstraction
repetition communication
repetition device
repetition entity
replace make
replace move
replace put
replacement abstraction
replacement act
replacement action
replacement change
replacement entity
replacement event
replacement substitution
replenish change
replenish fill
replica artifact
replica copy
replica creation
replica entity
replica object
replica representation
replica whole
replication entity
replication process
replication abstraction
replication communication
replication entity
replication message
replication pleading
replication statement
replication abstraction
replication act
replication activity
replication continuance
replication entity
replication event
replication repetition
reply abstraction
reply act
reply entity
reply event
report abstraction
report communication
report document
report entity
report writing
report abstraction
report act
report entity
report event
report abstraction
report communication
report entity
report information
report message
report news
report abstraction
report entity
report event
report happening
report noise
report sound
report act
report communicate
report inform
report interact
report act
report announce
report communicate
report inform
report interact
report act
report announce
report communicate
report inform
report interact
report act
report communicate
report inform
report interact
report act
report communicate
report inform
report interact
report complain
reporter entity
reporter object
reporter organism
reporter person
reporter whole
repose abstraction
repose attribute
repose composure
repose disposition
repose entity
repose nature
repose trait
repose put
repose use
repose lie
repose move
repose put
reposition move
reposition put
repository entity
repository friend
repository object
repository organism
repository person
repository whole
repository area
repository artifact
repository chamber
repository enclosure
repository entity
repository grave
repository location
repository object
repository point
repository structure
repository whole
repossession abstraction
repossession act
repossession entity
repossession event
repossession recovery
represent equal
represent be
represent serve
represent work
represent express
represent make
represent act
represent clarify
represent communicate
represent describe
represent elaborate
represent explain
represent inform
represent interact
represent act
represent communicate
represent inform
represent interact
representation abstraction
representation cognition
representation content
representation entity
representation artifact
representation creation
representation entity
representation object
representation whole
representation abstraction
representation act
representation cooperation
representation entity
representation event
representation abstraction
representation attribute
representation entity
representation state
representation abstraction
representation body
representation entity
representation group
representation abstraction
representation communication
representation entity
representation message
representation statement
representation abstraction
representation communication
representation entity
representation message
representation statement
representation abstraction
representation cognition
representation concept
representation content
representation entity
representation idea
representation right
representation abstraction
representation act
representation activity
representation entity
representation event
representative entity
representative negotiator
representative object
representative organism
representative person
representative whole
repression abstraction
repression attribute
repression entity
repression relationship
repression state
repression subjugation
repression abstraction
repression cognition
repression entity
repression process
repression abstraction
repression act
repression activity
repression control
repression entity
repression event
reprimand comment
reprimand express
reprimand knock
reprimand note
reprimand state
reprint produce
reprint reproduce
reprisal abstraction
reprisal act
reprisal entity
reprisal event
reprisal retaliation
reprisal return
reproach abstraction
reproach communication
reproach criticism
reproach disapproval
reproach entity
reproach message
reproach rebuke
reproach abstraction
reproach attribute
reproach entity
reproach shame
reproach standing
reproach state
reproach status
reproach accuse
reproach charge
reproduce produce
reproduce make
reproduction entity
reproduction process
reproduction abstraction
reproduction cognition
reproduction entity
reproduction memory
reproduction process
reproduction recall
reproduction abstraction
reproduction act
reproduction activity
reproduction continuance
reproduction entity
reproduction event
reproduction repetition
reproduction entity
reproduction process
reptile animal
reptile entity
reptile object
reptile organism
reptile vertebrate
reptile whole
republic abstraction
republic entity
republic group
republican entity
republican leader
republican object
republican organism
republican person
republican politician
republican whole
republican advocate
republican entity
republican object
republican organism
republican person
republican whole
republicanism abstraction
republicanism attitude
republicanism cognition
republicanism entity
republicanism orientation
repulsion entity
repulsion force
repulsion phenomenon
repulsion process
repulsion abstraction
repulsion act
repulsion defense
repulsion entity
repulsion event
repulsion stand
reputation abstraction
reputation attribute
reputation entity
reputation infamy
reputation notoriety
reputation standing
reputation state
reputation status
reputation abstraction
reputation attitude
reputation cognition
reputation entity
reputation estimate
reputation respect
repute abstraction
repute attribute
repute entity
repute honor
repute standing
repute state
repute status
request abstraction
request communication
request entity
request message
request abstraction
request act
request entity
request event
request communicate
request convey
request move
request transfer
request ask
request communicate
request convey
request move
request request
request transfer
request act
request address
request ask
request communicate
request interact
request question
request wonder
requirement abstraction
requirement act
requirement duty
requirement entity
requirement event
requisition abstraction
requisition communication
requisition demand
requisition entity
requisition message
requisition request
requisition abstraction
requisition communication
requisition document
requisition entity
requisition form
requisition writing
requisition ask
requisition command
requisition communicate
requisition convey
requisition move
requisition order
requisition request
requisition transfer
requisition claim
requisition communicate
requisition convey
requisition move
requisition request
requisition transfer
rerun abstraction
rerun broadcast
rerun entity
rerun event
rerun show
rerun act
rerun air
rerun communicate
rerun inform
rerun interact
rerun publicize
rerun tell
rerun cause
rerun initiate
rerun make
rerun mount
rerun organize
rerun campaign
rerun compete
rerun race
rerun affect
rerun change
rerun process
rerun run
resale abstraction
resale act
resale commerce
resale entity
resale event
resale selling
resale transaction
rescue abstraction
rescue act
rescue entity
rescue event
rescue recovery
rescue save
rescue take
rescuer entity
rescuer object
rescuer organism
rescuer person
rescuer whole
research abstraction
research act
research activity
research entity
research event
research investigation
research work
research analyze
research investigate
research analyze
research investigate
resemblance abstraction
resemblance attribute
resemblance entity
resemblance likeness
resemblance quality
resemblance sameness
resemblance similarity
resemble equal
resemble match
resent dislike
resentment abstraction
resentment attribute
resentment emotion
resentment entity
resentment feeling
resentment hate
resentment hostility
resentment state
reservation district
reservation entity
reservation location
reservation object
reservation region
reservation abstraction
reservation communication
reservation entity
reservation message
reservation statement
reservation abstraction
reservation agreement
reservation communication
reservation entity
reservation message
reservation statement
reservation abstraction
reservation agreement
reservation cognition
reservation entity
reservation process
reservation thinking
reservation abstraction
reservation act
reservation activity
reservation entity
reservation event
reservation preservation
reservation protection
reserve abstraction
reserve accumulation
reserve assets
reserve entity
reserve gain
reserve income
reserve possession
reserve relation
reserve sum
reserve abstraction
reserve entity
reserve measure
reserve abstraction
reserve attribute
reserve entity
reserve trait
reserve deny
reserve have
reserve keep
reserve withhold
reserve communicate
reserve convey
reserve move
reserve request
reserve transfer
reserve communicate
reserve convey
reserve move
reserve request
reserve transfer
reservoir abstraction
reservoir entity
reservoir measure
reservoir supply
reservoir entity
reservoir lake
reservoir thing
reservoir artifact
reservoir container
reservoir entity
reservoir instrumentality
reservoir object
reservoir tank
reservoir vessel
reservoir whole
reservoir entity
reservoir thing
reset artifact
reset device
reset entity
reset instrumentality
reset object
reset whole
reset choose
reset decide
reset specify
reset adjust
reset change
reset set
resettlement abstraction
resettlement act
resettlement action
resettlement change
resettlement entity
resettlement event
resettlement movement
resettlement transportation
reside be
reside populate
residence address
residence entity
residence location
residence object
residence point
residence artifact
residence building
residence dwelling
residence entity
residence house
residence housing
residence object
residence structure
residence whole
residency abstraction
residency act
residency entity
residency event
residency abstraction
residency act
residency activity
residency entity
residency event
residency occupation
residency position
resident entity
resident inhabitant
resident object
resident organism
resident person
resident whole
residual abstraction
residual cost
residual entity
residual payment
residual possession
residual relation
residue entity
residue matter
resign accept
resign evaluate
resign think
resignation abstraction
resignation attribute
resignation despair
resignation entity
resignation feeling
resignation state
resignation abstraction
resignation act
resignation entity
resignation event
resignation abstraction
resignation communication
resignation document
resignation entity
resignation writing
resilience abstraction
resilience attribute
resilience elasticity
resilience entity
resilience property
resilience abstraction
resilience entity
resilience event
resilience happening
resilience movement
resin abstraction
resin chemical
resin compound
resin entity
resin material
resin matter
resin part
resin relation
resin substance
resist contend
resist fight
resist contend
resist fight
resist act
resist react
resist act
resist disobey
resist react
resist refuse
resistance abstraction
resistance act
resistance action
resistance entity
resistance event
resistance entity
resistance phenomenon
resistance process
resistance abstraction
resistance act
resistance entity
resistance event
resistance abstraction
resistance attribute
resistance capability
resistance condition
resistance entity
resistance state
resistance susceptibility
resistance abstraction
resistance attribute
resistance entity
resistance quality
resistance abstraction
resistance attribute
resistance disposition
resistance entity
resistance nature
resistance trait
resistance unwillingness
resistance abstraction
resistance act
resistance entity
resistance event
resoluteness abstraction
resoluteness attribute
resoluteness entity
resoluteness trait
resolution abstraction
resolution communication
resolution document
resolution entity
resolution writing
resolution abstraction
resolution act
resolution determination
resolution discovery
resolution entity
resolution event
resolution abstraction
resolution analysis
resolution breakdown
resolution cognition
resolution entity
resolution process
resolution reasoning
resolution thinking
resolution entity
resolution phenomenon
resolution process
resolution abstraction
resolution entity
resolution event
resolution happening
resolution interruption
resolution suspension
resolution abstraction
resolution communication
resolution entity
resolution harmony
resolution music
resolution abstraction
resolution act
resolution action
resolution choice
resolution decision
resolution entity
resolution event
resolve spot
resolve calculate
resolve reason
resolve think
resonance entity
resonance phenomenon
resonance process
resonance abstraction
resonance entity
resonance event
resonance happening
resonance movement
resonance wave
resonance abstraction
resonance attribute
resonance entity
resonance property
resonate sound
resort artifact
resort building
resort entity
resort hotel
resort object
resort structure
resort whole
resound sound
resource abstraction
resource assets
resource entity
resource possession
resource relation
resource abstraction
resource asset
resource attribute
resource entity
resource quality
resource ability
resource abstraction
resource cognition
resource creativity
resource entity
resourcefulness abstraction
resourcefulness asset
resourcefulness attribute
resourcefulness entity
resourcefulness quality
resourcefulness resource
respect abstraction
respect cognition
respect detail
respect entity
respect fact
respect information
respect abstraction
respect attitude
respect cognition
respect entity
respect evaluate
respect see
respect think
respect accept
respect evaluate
respect think
respectability abstraction
respectability attribute
respectability entity
respectability honorableness
respectability morality
respectability quality
respectability righteousness
respiration entity
respiration metabolism
respiration process
respiration entity
respiration process
respite abstraction
respite act
respite entity
respite event
respite inactivity
respite pause
respite abstraction
respite entity
respite measure
respite pause
respond act
respond react
respondent defendant
respondent entity
respondent object
respondent organism
respondent party
respondent person
respondent whole
respondent entity
respondent object
respondent organism
respondent person
respondent whole
response consequence
response entity
response phenomenon
response process
response abstraction
response arrangement
response communication
response constituent
response construction
response entity
response group
response language
response phrase
response sequence
response series
response string
response abstraction
response attribute
response entity
response manner
response property
responsibility abstraction
responsibility attribute
responsibility entity
responsibility trait
responsibility trustworthiness
responsiveness ability
responsiveness abstraction
responsiveness cognition
responsiveness entity
responsiveness faculty
responsiveness sense
responsiveness sensitivity
responsiveness abstraction
responsiveness attribute
responsiveness entity
responsiveness quality
rest abstraction
rest act
rest entity
rest event
rest inactivity
rest abstraction
rest attribute
rest entity
rest inaction
rest state
rest abstraction
rest attribute
rest death
rest entity
rest state
rest artifact
rest device
rest entity
rest instrumentality
rest object
rest support
rest whole
rest abstraction
rest communication
rest entity
rest notation
rest writing
rest be
rest break
rest change
rest end
rest interrupt
rest pause
rest lie
rest include
rest move
rest put
restart start
restaurant artifact
restaurant building
restaurant entity
restaurant object
restaurant structure
restaurant whole
restfulness abstraction
restfulness attribute
restfulness entity
restfulness trait
restitution abstraction
restitution act
restitution action
restitution change
restitution entity
restitution event
restitution improvement
restitution repair
restitution abstraction
restitution acquisition
restitution act
restitution entity
restitution event
restlessness abstraction
restlessness attribute
restlessness entity
restlessness mobility
restlessness quality
restlessness abstraction
restlessness attribute
restlessness condition
restlessness entity
restlessness irritation
restlessness state
restlessness abstraction
restlessness attribute
restlessness disposition
restlessness entity
restlessness nature
restlessness nervousness
restlessness trait
restoration abstraction
restoration act
restoration action
restoration change
restoration entity
restoration event
restoration improvement
restoration repair
restoration artifact
restoration entity
restoration object
restoration whole
restoration artifact
restoration creation
restoration entity
restoration model
restoration object
restoration representation
restoration whole
restore make
restore give
restore pay
restore refund
restore transfer
restore change
restrain forget
restrain inhibit
restrain suppress
restrain change
restrain disable
restrain control
restrain forget
restrain inhibit
restrain restrain
restrain restrict
restrain suppress
restraint abstraction
restraint act
restraint activity
restraint control
restraint entity
restraint event
restraint abstraction
restraint attribute
restraint discipline
restraint entity
restraint trait
restraint abstraction
restraint cognition
restraint concept
restraint content
restraint entity
restraint idea
restraint restriction
restraint rule
restraint artifact
restraint device
restraint entity
restraint instrumentality
restraint object
restraint whole
restrict change
restrict decrease
restrict limit
restrict control
restrict forget
restrict inhibit
restrict restrain
restrict suppress
restrict control
restrict forget
restrict inhibit
restrict restrain
restrict suppress
restriction abstraction
restriction cognition
restriction concept
restriction content
restriction entity
restriction idea
restriction rule
restriction abstraction
restriction act
restriction activity
restriction control
restriction entity
restriction event
restriction restraint
restrictiveness abstraction
restrictiveness entity
restrictiveness modification
restrictiveness relation
result abstraction
result ending
result entity
result event
result happening
result be
result prove
result happen
resultant abstraction
resultant attribute
resultant degree
resultant entity
resultant state
resume continue
resume keep
resume change
resume assume
resume start
resurrect awaken
resurrect change
resurrect return
resurrect travel
resurrection abstraction
resurrection change
resurrection entity
resurrection event
resurrection happening
resurrection improvement
resurrection revival
resurrection transformation
resuscitation abstraction
resuscitation change
resuscitation entity
resuscitation event
resuscitation happening
resuscitation improvement
resuscitation revival
resuscitation transformation
retail abstraction
retail act
retail commerce
retail entity
retail event
retail selling
retail transaction
retail be
retail sell
retail exchange
retail sell
retail transfer
retailer businessperson
retailer capitalist
retailer distributor
retailer entity
retailer merchant
retailer object
retailer organism
retailer person
retailer supplier
retailer whole
retailing abstraction
retailing act
retailing commerce
retailing entity
retailing event
retailing selling
retailing transaction
retain hold
retain include
retain continue
retain keep
retain prolong
retain have
retain keep
retain remember
retake abstraction
retake act
retake activity
retake entity
retake event
retake photography
retake representation
retake take
retake have
retake keep
retake photograph
retake record
retake save
retaliate attack
retaliate contend
retaliate strike
retaliation abstraction
retaliation act
retaliation entity
retaliation event
retaliation return
retention abstraction
retention act
retention activity
retention control
retention entity
retention event
retention possession
retina entity
retina membrane
retina part
retina thing
retina tissue
retire change
retire leave
retire discontinue
retire cancel
retire declare
retire evaluate
retire recall
retire think
retire displace
retire remove
retire discard
retire change
retire tire
retire worsen
retiree entity
retiree object
retiree organism
retiree person
retiree whole
retirement abstraction
retirement attribute
retirement entity
retirement state
retirement status
retirement abstraction
retirement act
retirement action
retirement change
retirement entity
retirement event
retirement termination
retirement abstraction
retirement act
retirement departure
retirement entity
retirement event
retirement withdrawal
retract act
retract force
retract pull
retraction abstraction
retraction act
retraction denial
retraction entity
retraction event
retraction abstraction
retraction act
retraction action
retraction change
retraction entity
retraction event
retraction motion
retread artifact
retread band
retread entity
retread hoop
retread object
retread strip
retread tire
retread whole
retread make
retreat abstraction
retreat act
retreat departure
retreat entity
retreat event
retreat withdrawal
retreat area
retreat entity
retreat location
retreat object
retreat region
retreat abstraction
retreat communication
retreat entity
retreat signal
retreat abstraction
retreat communication
retreat entity
retreat signal
retreat abstraction
retreat act
retreat departure
retreat entity
retreat event
retreat withdrawal
retreat travel
retrieval entity
retrieval operation
retrieval processing
retrieval process
retrieval abstraction
retrieval cognition
retrieval entity
retrieval memory
retrieval process
retrieve bring
retrieve move
retrieve transmit
retrieve bring
retrieve move
retrieve transmit
retriever animal
retriever canine
retriever carnivore
retriever dog
retriever entity
retriever mammal
retriever object
retriever organism
retriever vertebrate
retriever whole
retro abstraction
retro cognition
retro discrimination
retro entity
retro fashion
retro process
retro taste
retro vogue
retrograde circle
retrograde travel
retrograde withdraw
retrograde act
retrograde communicate
retrograde inform
retrograde interact
retrograde repeat
retrograde tell
retrospective abstraction
retrospective collection
retrospective entity
retrospective exhibition
retrospective group
return abstraction
return act
return action
return arrival
return entity
return event
return abstraction
return entity
return event
return happening
return movement
return turning
return abstraction
return act
return action
return change
return entity
return event
return motion
return abstraction
return assets
return entity
return gain
return income
return possession
return relation
return sum
return abstraction
return act
return entity
return event
return abstraction
return act
return action
return change
return entity
return event
return maneuver
return motion
return stroke
return abstraction
return cognition
return content
return entity
return idea
return plan
return play
return run
return travel
return bring
return move
return transport
return act
return reciprocate
return move
return transport
return return
return travel
return move
return refer
return send
return submit
reunion abstraction
reunion entity
reunion gathering
reunion group
reunion party
reunion abstraction
reunion act
reunion action
reunion change
reunion combination
reunion entity
reunion event
reunion union
reunite meet
reveal act
reveal communicate
reveal inform
reveal interact
reveal tell
revel abstraction
revel act
revel activity
revel celebration
revel diversion
revel entity
revel event
revel merrymaking
revel celebrate
revel meet
revelation abstraction
revelation cognition
revelation entity
revelation insight
revelation knowing
revelation process
revelation understanding
revelation abstraction
revelation act
revelation entity
revelation event
revenge punish
reverence abstraction
reverence attitude
reverence cognition
reverence entity
reverence abstraction
reverence act
reverence action
reverence entity
reverence event
reverence evaluate
reverence respect
reverence see
reverence think
reverend abstraction
reverend entity
reverend name
reverend part
reverend relation
reverend title
reversal abstraction
reversal act
reversal action
reversal change
reversal entity
reversal event
reversal abstraction
reversal entity
reversal event
reversal happening
reversal movement
reversal turning
reversal abstraction
reversal cognition
reversal entity
reversal process
reversal abstraction
reversal act
reversal entity
reversal event
reversal judgment
reverse abstraction
reverse entity
reverse opposition
reverse relation
reverse artifact
reverse device
reverse entity
reverse gear
reverse instrumentality
reverse mechanism
reverse object
reverse whole
reverse abstraction
reverse entity
reverse event
reverse happening
reverse artifact
reverse entity
reverse object
reverse side
reverse surface
reverse whole
reverse abstraction
reverse cognition
reverse content
reverse entity
reverse idea
reverse plan
reverse play
reverse run
reversible artifact
reversible clothing
reversible commodity
reversible covering
reversible entity
reversible garment
reversible object
reversible whole
reversion abstraction
reversion assets
reversion entity
reversion interest
reversion possession
reversion relation
reversion share
reversion abstraction
reversion change
reversion entity
reversion event
reversion happening
reversion mutation
reversion abstraction
reversion act
reversion action
reversion change
reversion entity
reversion event
review abstraction
review communication
review criticism
review entity
review writing
review abstraction
review accounting
review communication
review document
review entity
review record
review register
review artifact
review creation
review entity
review object
review periodical
review product
review publication
review whole
review work
review abstraction
review act
review entity
review event
review proceeding
review abstraction
review act
review activity
review entity
review event
review exercise
review training
review analyze
review evaluate
review think
review examine
review inspect
review remember
reviewer authority
reviewer critic
reviewer entity
reviewer expert
reviewer object
reviewer organism
reviewer person
reviewer whole
revise act
revise communicate
revise interact
revise rewrite
revise write
revision abstraction
revision act
revision action
revision change
revision entity
revision event
revision transformation
revision abstraction
revision communication
revision editing
revision entity
revision writing
revival abstraction
revival change
revival entity
revival event
revival happening
revival improvement
revival transformation
revival abstraction
revival entity
revival gathering
revival group
revival rally
revive boom
revive change
revive grow
revive increase
revive make
revoke abstraction
revoke act
revoke entity
revoke event
revoke mistake
revoke compete
revoke play
revoke cancel
revoke declare
revoke evaluate
revoke think
revolt evaluate
revolt oppose
revolt protest
revolt rebel
revolt refute
revolt reject
revolt think
revolution abstraction
revolution change
revolution entity
revolution event
revolution happening
revolution abstraction
revolution act
revolution entity
revolution event
revolutionist entity
revolutionist object
revolutionist organism
revolutionist person
revolutionist radical
revolutionist whole
revolutionize change
revolutionize depose
revolutionize oust
revolutionize overthrow
revolutionize remove
revolutionize act
revolutionize communicate
revolutionize inform
revolutionize interact
revolutionize teach
revolve move
revolve turn
revolver artifact
revolver device
revolver entity
revolver gun
revolver instrumentality
revolver instrument
revolver object
revolver pistol
revolver weapon
revolver whole
reward abstraction
reward cost
reward entity
reward payment
reward possession
reward relation
reward abstraction
reward act
reward activity
reward aid
reward blessing
reward entity
reward event
reward support
reward abstraction
reward communication
reward entity
reward message
reward offer
reward act
rework change
rework transform
rework work
rewrite abstraction
rewrite communication
rewrite entity
rewrite writing
rewrite act
rewrite communicate
rewrite interact
rewrite write
rewrite make
rewrite write
rhapsody abstraction
rhapsody communication
rhapsody entity
rhapsody poem
rhapsody writing
rhetoric abstraction
rhetoric communication
rhetoric entity
rhetoric abstraction
rhetoric cognition
rhetoric content
rhetoric discipline
rhetoric entity
rheumatism abstraction
rheumatism attribute
rheumatism condition
rheumatism disease
rheumatism entity
rheumatism illness
rheumatism state
rhinoceros animal
rhinoceros entity
rhinoceros mammal
rhinoceros object
rhinoceros organism
rhinoceros vertebrate
rhinoceros whole
rhubarb entity
rhubarb herb
rhubarb object
rhubarb organism
rhubarb plant
rhubarb whole
rhyme abstraction
rhyme communication
rhyme entity
rhyme form
rhyme make
rhyme equal
rhyme match
rhythm abstraction
rhythm attribute
rhythm entity
rhythm time
rhythm abstraction
rhythm attribute
rhythm entity
rhythm quality
rhythm regularity
rhythm abstraction
rhythm cognition
rhythm communication
rhythm content
rhythm entity
rhythm model
rhythm representation
rhythm template
rib artifact
rib device
rib entity
rib instrumentality
rib object
rib support
rib whole
rib bone
rib entity
rib part
rib thing
rib tissue
rib cut
rib entity
rib food
rib matter
rib meat
rib solid
rib abstraction
rib communication
rib entity
rib message
rib remark
rib statement
rib entity
rib part
rib structure
rib thing
rib artifact
rib decoration
rib entity
rib molding
rib object
rib whole
rib knit
rib make
ribbon entity
ribbon object
ribbon artifact
ribbon entity
ribbon object
ribbon strip
ribbon whole
ribbon article
ribbon artifact
ribbon entity
ribbon notion
ribbon object
ribbon whole
rice entity
rice food
rice foodstuff
rice grain
rice matter
rice substance
rice cereal
rice entity
rice grass
rice herb
rice object
rice organism
rice plant
rice whole
rice change
rice separate
richness abstraction
richness attribute
richness entity
richness quality
richness value
richness worth
richness abstraction
richness attribute
richness entity
richness quality
richness abstraction
richness attribute
richness color
richness entity
richness property
richness shade
ricotta cheese
ricotta entity
ricotta food
ricotta foodstuff
ricotta matter
ricotta solid
ricotta substance
riddle abstraction
riddle communication
riddle entity
riddle message
riddle problem
riddle question
riddle subject
riddle artifact
riddle device
riddle entity
riddle filter
riddle instrumentality
riddle object
riddle sieve
riddle strainer
riddle whole
riddle enter
riddle penetrate
riddle pierce
riddle be
riddle confuse
riddle change
riddle separate
riddle act
riddle communicate
riddle interact
riddle solve
riddle understand
ride artifact
ride device
ride entity
ride instrumentality
ride mechanism
ride object
ride whole
ride travel
ride act
ride continue
ride travel
ride float
ride travel
ride be
ride lie
ride travel
ride climb
ride rise
ride travel
ride engage
ride move
ride connect
ride copulate
ride join
rider entity
rider object
rider organism
rider person
rider traveler
rider whole
rider abstraction
rider article
rider communication
rider entity
rider music
rider section
rider writing
rider entity
rider object
rider organism
rider person
rider traveler
rider whole
ridge entity
ridge object
ridge abstraction
ridge attribute
ridge entity
ridge shape
ridge solid
ridge entity
ridge object
ridge entity
ridge object
ridge entity
ridge part
ridge process
ridge thing
ridge artifact
ridge beam
ridge device
ridge entity
ridge instrumentality
ridge object
ridge part
ridge piece
ridge support
ridge whole
ridge be
ridge cover
ridge change
ridge plow
ridge till
ridge transform
ridge work
ridge move
ridge throw
ridge dig
ridge remove
ridge spade
ridge change
ridge shape
ridicule abstraction
ridicule communication
ridicule entity
ridicule message
ridicule act
ridicule interact
ridicule mock
ridicule treat
riding abstraction
riding act
riding activity
riding diversion
riding entity
riding event
riding sport
riding abstraction
riding act
riding action
riding change
riding entity
riding event
riding motion
riding travel
riff entity
riff object
riff organism
riff person
riff whole
riff abstraction
riff communication
riff entity
riff music
riff passage
riff phrase
riff make
riff play
rifle artifact
rifle device
rifle entity
rifle gun
rifle instrumentality
rifle instrument
rifle object
rifle weapon
rifle whole
rifle examine
rifle search
rifleman entity
rifleman expert
rifleman marksman
rifleman object
rifleman organism
rifleman person
rifleman shot
rifleman whole
rifleman entity
rifleman object
rifleman organism
rifleman person
rifleman serviceman
rifleman soldier
rifleman whole
rifleman worker
rift abstraction
rift attribute
rift entity
rift location
rift object
rift opening
rift shape
rift space
rift abstraction
rift attribute
rift crack
rift entity
rift location
rift object
rift opening
rift shape
rift space
rig artifact
rig entity
rig equipment
rig gear
rig instrumentality
rig object
rig whole
rig abstraction
rig entity
rig formation
rig placement
rig position
rig relation
rig act
rig cheat
rig deceive
rig interact
rig treat
rig wrong
rig determine
rig price
rig attach
rig connect
rig fasten
rig equip
rig give
rig supply
rig transfer
rigging artifact
rigging entity
rigging equipment
rigging gear
rigging instrumentality
rigging object
rigging whole
right abstraction
right cognition
right concept
right content
right entity
right idea
right entity
right location
right object
right point
right position
right abstraction
right clique
right entity
right faction
right group
right set
right entity
right extremity
right hand
right part
right thing
right abstraction
right act
right action
right change
right entity
right event
right turn
right abstraction
right attribute
right entity
right good
right justice
right morality
right quality
right righteousness
right virtue
right abstraction
right assets
right entity
right interest
right possession
right relation
right share
right change
righteousness abstraction
righteousness attribute
righteousness entity
righteousness morality
righteousness quality
rightness abstraction
rightness attribute
rightness entity
rightness morality
rightness quality
rigidity abstraction
rigidity attribute
rigidity entity
rigidity property
rim abstraction
rim attribute
rim boundary
rim entity
rim line
rim shape
rim artifact
rim band
rim entity
rim hoop
rim object
rim strip
rim whole
rim artifact
rim band
rim entity
rim hoop
rim object
rim strip
rim whole
rim be
rim lie
rim line
rim give
rim supply
rim transfer
rim move
rim roll
rim turn
rind abstraction
rind entity
rind material
rind matter
rind part
rind relation
rind substance
ring abstraction
ring attribute
ring entity
ring property
ring sound
ring abstraction
ring attribute
ring entity
ring shape
ring solid
ring abstraction
ring entity
ring event
ring happening
ring sound
ring artifact
ring entity
ring object
ring platform
ring surface
ring whole
ring adornment
ring artifact
ring decoration
ring entity
ring jewelry
ring object
ring whole
ring sound
ring attach
ring connect
ringer double
ringer entity
ringer object
ringer organism
ringer person
ringer whole
ringer deceiver
ringer entity
ringer object
ringer organism
ringer person
ringer whole
ringer abstraction
ringer act
ringer entity
ringer event
ringer propulsion
ringer throw
ringing abstraction
ringing act
ringing betrothal
ringing commitment
ringing communication
ringing entity
ringing event
ringing message
ringing promise
rink artifact
rink building
rink entity
rink object
rink structure
rink whole
rinse abstraction
rinse dye
rinse entity
rinse material
rinse matter
rinse part
rinse relation
rinse substance
rinse abstraction
rinse act
rinse action
rinse change
rinse entity
rinse event
rinse removal
rinse separation
rinse abstraction
rinse act
rinse action
rinse change
rinse coloring
rinse entity
rinse event
rinse abstraction
rinse act
rinse activity
rinse entity
rinse event
rinse wash
rinse work
rinse change
rinse clean
rinse wash
riot abstraction
riot act
riot action
riot aggression
riot entity
riot event
riot violence
riot act
riot rampage
rip abstraction
rip attribute
rip entity
rip location
rip object
rip opening
rip shape
rip space
rip entity
rip phenomenon
rip process
rip turbulence
rip rush
rip tear
rip travel
rip cut
rip move
rip separate
rip attack
rip comment
rip express
rip knock
rip note
rip state
ripen change
ripen develop
ripen grow
ripen increase
ripen mature
ripper criminal
ripper entity
ripper killer
ripper murderer
ripper object
ripper organism
ripper person
ripper principal
ripper whole
ripple abstraction
ripple entity
ripple event
ripple happening
ripple movement
ripple wave
ripple abstraction
ripple entity
ripple event
ripple happening
ripple movement
ripple wave
ripple flow
ripple move
ripple sound
rise abstraction
rise beginning
rise emergence
rise entity
rise event
rise happening
rise abstraction
rise act
rise action
rise change
rise entity
rise event
rise motion
rise abstraction
rise entity
rise event
rise happening
rise movement
rise abstraction
rise amount
rise attribute
rise entity
rise increase
rise magnitude
rise property
rise travel
rise change
rise grow
rise increase
rise be
rise look
rise change
rise act
rise confront
rise undertake
rise change
rise grow
rise increase
rise rise
rise travel
risk abstraction
risk act
risk activity
risk entity
risk event
risk undertaking
risk venture
risk work
risk abstraction
risk entity
risk measure
risk probability
risk abstraction
risk entity
risk measure
risk probability
risk act
risk try
risotto dish
risotto entity
risotto food
risotto matter
risotto substance
rite abstraction
rite act
rite activity
rite ceremony
rite entity
rite event
ritual abstraction
ritual act
ritual activity
ritual continuance
ritual custom
ritual entity
ritual event
ritual practice
ritual survival
ritual abstraction
ritual act
ritual activity
ritual entity
ritual event
ritual practice
ritual abstraction
ritual act
ritual activity
ritual continuance
ritual custom
ritual entity
ritual event
ritual habit
ritual practice
ritual survival
rival contestant
rival entity
rival object
rival organism
rival person
rival whole
rival compete
river entity
river stream
river thing
riverbank bank
riverbank entity
riverbank object
riverbank slope
riverbed bed
riverbed entity
riverbed object
rivet artifact
rivet device
rivet entity
rivet fastener
rivet instrumentality
rivet object
rivet pin
rivet restraint
rivet whole
rivet attach
rivet connect
rivet fasten
rivet absorb
rivet arouse
rivet interest
rivet make
road artifact
road entity
road object
road way
road whole
road abstraction
road act
road entity
road event
road implementation
road means
roadway artifact
roadway entity
roadway object
roadway road
roadway way
roadway whole
roar abstraction
roar cry
roar entity
roar event
roar happening
roar sound
roar proceed
roar travel
roar laugh
roast cut
roast entity
roast food
roast matter
roast meat
roast solid
roast change
roast cook
rob steal
rob take
robber criminal
robber entity
robber object
robber organism
robber person
robber principal
robber thief
robber whole
robbery abstraction
robbery act
robbery activity
robbery crime
robbery entity
robbery event
robbery felony
robbery transgression
robe artifact
robe clothing
robe commodity
robe covering
robe entity
robe garment
robe object
robe whole
robin animal
robin bird
robin entity
robin object
robin organism
robin thrush
robin vertebrate
robin whole
robin animal
robin bird
robin entity
robin object
robin organism
robin thrush
robin vertebrate
robin whole
robotics abstraction
robotics cognition
robotics content
robotics discipline
robotics engineering
robotics entity
rock entity
rock object
rock whole
rock abstraction
rock entity
rock material
rock matter
rock part
rock relation
rock substance
rock entity
rock object
rock organism
rock person
rock whole
rock abstraction
rock act
rock action
rock change
rock entity
rock event
rock lurch
rock motion
rock move
rocker assistant
rocker attendant
rocker entity
rocker object
rocker organism
rocker person
rocker whole
rocker worker
rocker entertainer
rocker entity
rocker musician
rocker object
rocker organism
rocker performer
rocker person
rocker whole
rocker adolescent
rocker entity
rocker juvenile
rocker object
rocker organism
rocker person
rocker whole
rocker artifact
rocker container
rocker entity
rocker instrumentality
rocker object
rocker receptacle
rocker trough
rocker whole
rocker artifact
rocker entity
rocker equipment
rocker instrumentality
rocker object
rocker skate
rocker whole
rocker artifact
rocker device
rocker entity
rocker instrumentality
rocker object
rocker support
rocker whole
rocket artifact
rocket conveyance
rocket entity
rocket instrumentality
rocket object
rocket vehicle
rocket whole
rocket artifact
rocket device
rocket engine
rocket entity
rocket instrumentality
rocket machine
rocket motor
rocket object
rocket whole
rocket entity
rocket herb
rocket object
rocket organism
rocket plant
rocket whole
rocket abstraction
rocket communication
rocket entity
rocket signal
rocket rise
rocket travel
rocket move
rod artifact
rod entity
rod implement
rod instrumentality
rod object
rod whole
rod bacteria
rod entity
rod microorganism
rod object
rod organism
rod whole
rod cell
rod entity
rod object
rod whole
rodent animal
rodent entity
rodent mammal
rodent object
rodent organism
rodent vertebrate
rodent whole
rodeo abstraction
rodeo act
rodeo activity
rodeo diversion
rodeo entertainment
rodeo entity
rodeo event
rodeo exhibition
rodeo presentation
rodeo show
rodeo area
rodeo artifact
rodeo enclosure
rodeo entity
rodeo object
rodeo pen
rodeo structure
rodeo whole
rogue entity
rogue object
rogue organism
rogue person
rogue villain
rogue whole
role abstraction
role act
role activity
role entity
role event
roll abstraction
roll communication
roll database
roll entity
roll information
roll list
roll message
roll artifact
roll entity
roll equipment
roll film
roll instrumentality
roll object
roll whole
roll abstraction
roll attribute
roll cylinder
roll entity
roll shape
roll solid
roll abstraction
roll act
roll action
roll change
roll entity
roll event
roll gait
roll locomotion
roll motion
roll walk
roll abstraction
roll act
roll entity
roll escape
roll evasion
roll event
roll maneuver
roll abstraction
roll act
roll entity
roll event
roll propulsion
roll move
roll turn
roll sound
roll function
roll change
roll shape
roll exercise
roll tumble
roll move
roll travel
roll move
roll rock
roll move
roll pronounce
roll change
rollback abstraction
rollback act
rollback activity
rollback entity
rollback event
rollback offense
rollback operation
rollback abstraction
rollback act
rollback action
rollback change
rollback decrease
rollback entity
rollback event
roller abstraction
roller act
roller entity
roller event
roller hit
roller touch
roller abstraction
roller entity
roller event
roller happening
roller movement
roller wave
roller artifact
roller device
roller entity
roller instrumentality
roller machine
roller mechanism
roller object
roller wheel
roller whole
roller abstraction
roller attribute
roller cylinder
roller entity
roller shape
roller solid
roller animal
roller bird
roller entity
roller object
roller organism
roller vertebrate
roller whole
roller animal
roller bird
roller entity
roller object
roller organism
roller pigeon
roller vertebrate
roller whole
rolling abstraction
rolling act
rolling activity
rolling crime
rolling entity
rolling event
rolling felony
rolling robbery
rolling transgression
rollover abstraction
rollover act
rollover action
rollover change
rollover entity
rollover event
roman entity
roman inhabitant
roman object
roman organism
roman person
roman whole
roman entity
roman inhabitant
roman object
roman organism
roman person
roman whole
roman abstraction
roman character
roman communication
roman entity
roman font
roman signal
roman symbol
roman type
romance abstraction
romance communication
romance entity
romance italic
romance language
romance abstraction
romance communication
romance entity
romance fiction
romance novel
romance writing
romance love
romance act
romance communicate
romance inform
romance interact
romance lie
romantic entity
romantic idealist
romantic object
romantic organism
romantic person
romantic visionary
romantic whole
romanticism abstraction
romanticism attribute
romanticism entity
romanticism idealism
romanticism quality
romanticism abstraction
romanticism attribute
romanticism cognition
romanticism content
romanticism discipline
romanticism entity
romanticism manner
romanticism property
romanticism abstraction
romanticism attribute
romanticism entity
romanticism quality
romanticist artist
romanticist creator
romanticist entity
romanticist object
romanticist organism
romanticist person
romanticist whole
romp run
romp travel
romp win
roof artifact
roof covering
roof entity
roof object
roof whole
roof artifact
roof covering
roof entity
roof object
roof whole
roof covering
roof entity
roof object
roof whole
roof cover
roofing artifact
roofing entity
roofing equipment
roofing instrumentality
roofing material
roofing object
roofing whole
roofing abstraction
roofing act
roofing activity
roofing entity
roofing event
roofing occupation
roofing trade
rooftop boundary
rooftop entity
rooftop extremity
rooftop location
rooftop object
rooftop region
rooftop side
rooftop surface
rooftop top
room area
room artifact
room entity
room object
room structure
room whole
room abstraction
room entity
room position
room relation
room abstraction
room attribute
room being
room entity
room opportunity
room possibility
room state
room abstraction
room entity
room gathering
room group
roost artifact
roost covering
roost entity
roost object
roost shelter
roost whole
roost artifact
roost device
roost entity
roost instrumentality
roost object
roost perch
roost support
roost whole
roost change
roost settle
roost stabilize
root entity
root object
root whole
root abstraction
root entity
root form
root part
root relation
root word
root abstraction
root entity
root measure
root number
root entity
root part
root structure
root thing
root change
root grow
root increase
root become
root move
root plant
root put
root change
root develop
root grow
rope artifact
rope entity
rope line
rope object
rope whole
rope attach
rope connect
rope fasten
rope tie
rosary abstraction
rosary collection
rosary entity
rosary group
rosary string
rose entity
rose object
rose organism
rose plant
rose shrub
rose whole
rose abstraction
rose attribute
rose color
rose entity
rose pink
rose property
rosemary entity
rosemary herb
rosemary object
rosemary organism
rosemary plant
rosemary whole
rosemary entity
rosemary food
rosemary foodstuff
rosemary herb
rosemary ingredient
rosemary matter
rosemary substance
rosette adornment
rosette artifact
rosette decoration
rosette entity
rosette object
rosette whole
rosette entity
rosette leaf
rosette object
rosette whole
rosewood abstraction
rosewood entity
rosewood material
rosewood matter
rosewood part
rosewood relation
rosewood substance
rosewood wood
rosewood entity
rosewood object
rosewood organism
rosewood plant
rosewood tree
rosewood whole
rotate alternate
rotate appoint
rotate delegate
rotate exchange
rotate transfer
rotate serve
rotate work
rotate move
rotate turn
rotate change
rotate develop
rotate grow
rotation abstraction
rotation act
rotation action
rotation change
rotation entity
rotation event
rotation motion
rotation abstraction
rotation entity
rotation function
rotation relation
rotation transformation
rotation abstraction
rotation entity
rotation event
rotation happening
rotation movement
rotation turning
rotation abstraction
rotation attribute
rotation entity
rotation property
rotation sequence
rotor artifact
rotor coil
rotor device
rotor entity
rotor instrumentality
rotor object
rotor reactor
rotor whole
rotor artifact
rotor bar
rotor entity
rotor implement
rotor instrumentality
rotor object
rotor whole
rotor artifact
rotor device
rotor entity
rotor instrumentality
rotor mechanism
rotor object
rotor whole
rotunda artifact
rotunda building
rotunda entity
rotunda object
rotunda structure
rotunda whole
rotunda area
rotunda artifact
rotunda entity
rotunda object
rotunda room
rotunda structure
rotunda whole
rouge artifact
rouge cosmetic
rouge entity
rouge instrumentality
rouge makeup
rouge object
rouge whole
rouge better
rouge change
rouge groom
rough entity
rough location
rough object
rough region
rough site
rough tract
roughage entity
roughage food
roughage foodstuff
roughage matter
roughage substance
roughness abstraction
roughness attribute
roughness entity
roughness property
roughness texture
roughness abstraction
roughness act
roughness action
roughness change
roughness entity
roughness event
roughness increase
roughness intensification
round ammunition
round artifact
round entity
round instrumentality
round object
round weaponry
round whole
round abstraction
round act
round assembly
round call
round entity
round event
round meeting
round visit
round abstraction
round act
round activity
round entity
round event
round practice
round entity
round line
round location
round object
round path
round abstraction
round entity
round helping
round measure
round cut
round entity
round food
round matter
round meat
round solid
round abstraction
round communication
round entity
round music
round song
round abstraction
round applause
round approval
round communication
round entity
round message
round travel
round change
round shape
round pronounce
round change
round gain
rounding abstraction
rounding act
rounding entity
rounding event
rounding mistake
roundness abstraction
roundness communication
roundness entity
roundness tone
roundness abstraction
roundness amount
roundness attribute
roundness entity
roundness magnitude
roundness number
roundness property
roundness abstraction
roundness attribute
roundness entity
roundness property
roundness shape
route dispatch
route move
route transport
route move
route send
route divert
route move
route send
router entity
router object
router organism
router person
router whole
router worker
router artifact
router device
router entity
router instrumentality
router object
router whole
router artifact
router device
router entity
router implement
router instrumentality
router machine
router object
router tool
router whole
routine abstraction
routine act
routine activity
routine entity
routine event
routine procedure
routine abstraction
routine code
routine communication
routine entity
routine software
routine writing
rover entity
rover female
rover male
rover object
rover organism
rover person
rover scout
rover whole
row abstraction
row arrangement
row entity
row formation
row group
row line
row entity
row part
row strip
row thing
row abstraction
row arrangement
row array
row entity
row group
row abstraction
row attribute
row entity
row property
row sequence
row boat
row ride
row travel
rowing abstraction
rowing act
rowing activity
rowing diversion
rowing entity
rowing event
rowing sport
royal artifact
royal entity
royal fabric
royal object
royal part
royal piece
royal sail
royal whole
royal animal
royal buck
royal entity
royal mammal
royal object
royal organism
royal stag
royal vertebrate
royal whole
royalty abstraction
royalty cost
royalty entity
royalty payment
royalty possession
royalty relation
royalty abstraction
royalty entity
royalty family
royalty genealogy
royalty group
royalty house
royalty kin
royalty lineage
rub abstraction
rub act
rub contact
rub entity
rub event
rub touch
rub guide
rub touch
rub change
rub irritate
rub worsen
rubber abstraction
rubber discharge
rubber entity
rubber latex
rubber material
rubber matter
rubber part
rubber relation
rubber substance
rubber abstraction
rubber chemical
rubber compound
rubber entity
rubber material
rubber matter
rubber part
rubber relation
rubber substance
rubber synthetic
rubbing artifact
rubbing creation
rubbing entity
rubbing object
rubbing representation
rubbing whole
rubbish abstraction
rubbish entity
rubbish material
rubbish matter
rubbish part
rubbish relation
rubbish substance
rubbish waste
rubbish attack
rubbish comment
rubbish express
rubbish knock
rubbish note
rubbish state
rubric abstraction
rubric communication
rubric direction
rubric entity
rubric message
rubric rule
rubric abstraction
rubric communication
rubric direction
rubric entity
rubric message
rubric abstraction
rubric communication
rubric entity
rubric heading
rubric line
rubric matter
rubric name
rubric part
rubric relation
rubric text
rubric title
rubric writing
rubric abstraction
rubric category
rubric cognition
rubric concept
rubric content
rubric entity
rubric idea
rubric change
rubric color
ruby adornment
ruby artifact
ruby decoration
ruby entity
ruby jewel
ruby jewelry
ruby object
ruby whole
ruby abstraction
ruby crystal
ruby entity
ruby gem
ruby material
ruby matter
ruby mineral
ruby part
ruby relation
ruby solid
ruby substance
rudder artifact
rudder device
rudder entity
rudder instrumentality
rudder object
rudder whole
rudder artifact
rudder device
rudder entity
rudder instrumentality
rudder mechanism
rudder object
rudder whole
rue entity
rue herb
rue object
rue organism
rue plant
rue whole
rue entity
rue food
rue foodstuff
rue herb
rue ingredient
rue matter
rue substance
rue artifact
rue entity
rue object
rue road
rue street
rue thoroughfare
rue way
rue whole
rug artifact
rug covering
rug entity
rug furnishing
rug instrumentality
rug object
rug whole
rugby abstraction
rugby act
rugby activity
rugby diversion
rugby entity
rugby event
rugby football
rugby game
rugby sport
ruin abstraction
ruin attribute
ruin condition
ruin decay
ruin deterioration
ruin devastation
ruin entity
ruin state
ruin artifact
ruin building
ruin entity
ruin object
ruin structure
ruin whole
ruin abstraction
ruin destruction
ruin ending
ruin entity
ruin event
ruin happening
ruin prevent
ruin destroy
ruin change
ruin decay
rule abstraction
rule cognition
rule concept
rule content
rule entity
rule idea
rule abstraction
rule communication
rule direction
rule entity
rule message
rule abstraction
rule cognition
rule concept
rule content
rule entity
rule idea
rule abstraction
rule duration
rule entity
rule measure
rule abstraction
rule communication
rule direction
rule entity
rule message
rule abstraction
rule communication
rule direction
rule entity
rule message
rule abstraction
rule act
rule activity
rule entity
rule event
rule procedure
rule artifact
rule device
rule entity
rule instrumentality
rule instrument
rule object
rule whole
rule decide
rule declare
rule evaluate
rule pronounce
rule think
rule draw
rule make
rule represent
rule control
rule forget
rule inhibit
rule restrain
rule restrict
rule suppress
ruler entity
ruler object
ruler organism
ruler person
ruler whole
rum abstraction
rum agent
rum alcohol
rum beverage
rum drug
rum entity
rum fluid
rum food
rum liquid
rum liquor
rum matter
rum part
rum relation
rum substance
rumba abstraction
rumba communication
rumba entity
rumba music
rumba abstraction
rumba act
rumba activity
rumba cognition
rumba content
rumba dancing
rumba discipline
rumba diversion
rumba entity
rumba event
rumba abstraction
rumba act
rumba activity
rumba cognition
rumba content
rumba dancing
rumba discipline
rumba diversion
rumba entity
rumba event
rumble abstraction
rumble entity
rumble event
rumble happening
rumble noise
rumble sound
rumble artifact
rumble device
rumble entity
rumble instrumentality
rumble object
rumble seat
rumble support
rumble whole
rumble abstraction
rumble act
rumble conflict
rumble entity
rumble event
rumble fight
rumble sound
rumor abstraction
rumor act
rumor entity
rumor event
rumor gossip
rumor report
rumor act
rumor communicate
rumor interact
rumor talk
run abstraction
run accomplishment
run act
run action
run attainment
run entity
run event
run score
run success
run abstraction
run cognition
run content
run entity
run idea
run plan
run play
run abstraction
run act
run action
run change
run entity
run event
run journey
run motion
run travel
run trip
run abstraction
run act
run action
run change
run entity
run event
run locomotion
run motion
run abstraction
run entity
run measure
run abstraction
run attribute
run entity
run freedom
run liberty
run state
run abstraction
run entity
run measure
run abstraction
run change
run damage
run entity
run event
run happening
run abstraction
run attribute
run entity
run property
run sequence
run abstraction
run act
run action
run change
run entity
run event
run journey
run motion
run travel
run trip
run travel
run be
run move
run travel
run function
run become
run change
run affect
run change
run process
run affect
run change
run incur
run subject
run appear
run occur
run compel
run enforce
run induce
run cause
run change
run complete
run effect
run end
run make
run pass
run succeed
run trade
run move
run diffuse
run spread
run boat
run ride
run sail
run travel
run pass
run travel
run be
run last
run measure
run free
run accompany
run travel
run run
run travel
run change
rung artifact
rung brace
rung device
rung entity
rung instrumentality
rung object
rung support
rung whole
runner entity
runner object
runner organism
runner person
runner traveler
runner whole
runner entity
runner messenger
runner object
runner organism
runner person
runner traveler
runner whole
runner athlete
runner contestant
runner entity
runner object
runner organism
runner person
runner whole
runner artifact
runner covering
runner entity
runner furnishing
runner instrumentality
runner object
runner rug
runner whole
runner artifact
runner device
runner entity
runner instrumentality
runner object
runner whole
runner animal
runner entity
runner fish
runner jack
runner object
runner organism
runner vertebrate
runner whole
running abstraction
running action
running attribute
running entity
running operation
running state
running abstraction
running act
running administration
running entity
running event
running management
runoff abstraction
runoff act
runoff election
runoff entity
runoff event
runoff vote
runway artifact
runway channel
runway chute
runway entity
runway gutter
runway object
runway passage
runway way
runway whole
runway artifact
runway entity
runway object
runway platform
runway surface
runway whole
runway artifact
runway entity
runway object
runway surface
runway whole
rupture abstraction
rupture attribute
rupture condition
rupture entity
rupture injury
rupture state
rupture abstraction
rupture change
rupture entity
rupture event
rupture happening
rupture separation
rupture abstraction
rupture act
rupture action
rupture breakage
rupture change
rupture entity
rupture event
ruse abstraction
ruse act
ruse action
ruse choice
ruse decision
ruse entity
ruse event
ruse maneuver
ruse move
rush abstraction
rush entity
rush event
rush flow
rush happening
rush movement
rush entity
rush object
rush organism
rush plant
rush whole
rush abstraction
rush entity
rush event
rush happening
rush outburst
rush abstraction
rush cognition
rush content
rush entity
rush idea
rush plan
rush play
rush run
rush travel
rush act
rush communicate
rush interact
rush talk
rush urge
rush act
rush run
rush travel
rust abstraction
rust chemical
rust compound
rust entity
rust material
rust matter
rust oxide
rust part
rust relation
rust substance
rust abstraction
rust attribute
rust condition
rust disease
rust entity
rust illness
rust state
rust corrosion
rust entity
rust oxidation
rust process
rust entity
rust fungus
rust object
rust organism
rust whole
rust change
rustic commoner
rustic entity
rustic object
rustic organism
rustic person
rustic whole
rut abstraction
rut attribute
rut depression
rut entity
rut groove
rut shape
rut solid
rut abstraction
rut act
rut activity
rut entity
rut event
rut procedure
rut routine
rut be
rye entity
rye fruit
rye grain
rye object
rye seed
rye whole
rye cereal
rye entity
rye grass
rye herb
rye object
rye organism
rye plant
rye whole
rye abstraction
rye agent
rye alcohol
rye beverage
rye drug
rye entity
rye fluid
rye food
rye liquid
rye liquor
rye matter
rye part
rye relation
rye substance
rye whiskey
sabbath abstraction
sabbath entity
sabbath measure
sabbatical abstraction
sabbatical entity
sabbatical leave
sabbatical measure
saber artifact
saber device
saber entity
saber instrumentality
saber instrument
saber object
saber sword
saber weapon
saber whole
saber kill
sable artifact
sable brush
sable entity
sable implement
sable instrumentality
sable object
sable whole
sable abstraction
sable entity
sable fur
sable material
sable matter
sable part
sable relation
sable substance
sable artifact
sable clothing
sable commodity
sable covering
sable entity
sable garment
sable object
sable whole
sable animal
sable carnivore
sable entity
sable mammal
sable object
sable organism
sable vertebrate
sable whole
sabotage abstraction
sabotage act
sabotage action
sabotage change
sabotage destruction
sabotage entity
sabotage event
sabotage termination
sabotage act
sabotage disobey
sabotage react
sabotage refuse
sachet artifact
sachet bag
sachet container
sachet entity
sachet instrumentality
sachet object
sachet whole
sack artifact
sack bag
sack container
sack entity
sack instrumentality
sack object
sack whole
sack abstraction
sack entity
sack measure
sack abstraction
sack agent
sack alcohol
sack beverage
sack drug
sack entity
sack fluid
sack food
sack liquid
sack matter
sack part
sack relation
sack substance
sack wine
sack artifact
sack clothing
sack coat
sack commodity
sack covering
sack entity
sack garment
sack jacket
sack object
sack whole
sack abstraction
sack act
sack action
sack aggression
sack entity
sack event
sack plundering
sack take
sack enclose
sack surround
sack touch
sackcloth artifact
sackcloth clothing
sackcloth commodity
sackcloth covering
sackcloth entity
sackcloth garment
sackcloth object
sackcloth whole
sackcloth artifact
sackcloth entity
sackcloth fabric
sackcloth object
sackcloth whole
sacking artifact
sacking entity
sacking fabric
sacking object
sacking whole
sacrament abstraction
sacrament act
sacrament activity
sacrament ceremony
sacrament entity
sacrament event
sacrifice abstraction
sacrifice casualty
sacrifice change
sacrifice decrease
sacrifice entity
sacrifice event
sacrifice happening
sacrifice abstraction
sacrifice entity
sacrifice loss
sacrifice possession
sacrifice relation
sacrifice abstraction
sacrifice act
sacrifice action
sacrifice change
sacrifice entity
sacrifice event
sacrifice killing
sacrifice termination
sacrifice abstraction
sacrifice act
sacrifice entity
sacrifice event
sacrifice failure
sacrifice out
sacrifice pass
sacrifice release
sacrifice transfer
sacrifice kill
sacrifice exchange
sacrifice sell
sacrifice transfer
sacrifice attend
sacrifice be
sacrifice offer
sacrifice worship
saddle artifact
saddle device
saddle entity
saddle instrumentality
saddle object
saddle seat
saddle support
saddle whole
saddle cut
saddle entity
saddle food
saddle matter
saddle meat
saddle solid
saddle abstraction
saddle entity
saddle leather
saddle material
saddle matter
saddle object
saddle part
saddle piece
saddle relation
saddle substance
saddle entity
saddle part
saddle thing
saddle attach
saddle connect
saddle burden
saddle change
saddle charge
sadism abstraction
sadism attribute
sadism entity
sadism feeling
sadism pleasure
sadism state
sadness abstraction
sadness attribute
sadness entity
sadness feeling
sadness state
sadness abstraction
sadness attribute
sadness emotion
sadness entity
sadness feeling
sadness state
sadness unhappiness
sadomasochism abstraction
sadomasochism attribute
sadomasochism entity
sadomasochism feeling
sadomasochism pleasure
sadomasochism sadism
sadomasochism state
safe artifact
safe box
safe container
safe entity
safe instrumentality
safe object
safe whole
safe area
safe artifact
safe cupboard
safe entity
safe object
safe structure
safe whole
safeguard defend
safeguard prevent
safeguard protect
safeguard accompany
safeguard escort
safeguard travel
safeness abstraction
safeness attribute
safeness characteristic
safeness entity
safeness quality
safety abstraction
safety attribute
safety condition
safety entity
safety state
safety area
safety entity
safety location
safety object
safety region
safety abstraction
safety accomplishment
safety act
safety action
safety attainment
safety entity
safety event
safety score
safety success
safflower entity
safflower herb
safflower object
safflower organism
safflower plant
safflower whole
saffron entity
saffron object
saffron organism
saffron plant
saffron whole
saffron entity
saffron food
saffron foodstuff
saffron ingredient
saffron matter
saffron substance
sag abstraction
sag attribute
sag depression
sag entity
sag shape
sag solid
sag change
sag sink
sag change
sag sink
saga abstraction
saga communication
saga entity
saga fiction
saga story
saga writing
sage entity
sage intellectual
sage mentor
sage object
sage organism
sage person
sage whole
sage entity
sage food
sage foodstuff
sage herb
sage ingredient
sage matter
sage substance
sage entity
sage herb
sage object
sage organism
sage plant
sage whole
sagebrush entity
sagebrush object
sagebrush organism
sagebrush plant
sagebrush shrub
sagebrush whole
sail artifact
sail entity
sail fabric
sail object
sail part
sail piece
sail whole
sail artifact
sail entity
sail object
sail structure
sail whole
sail travel
sail boat
sail ride
sail travel
sailboat artifact
sailboat conveyance
sailboat craft
sailboat entity
sailboat instrumentality
sailboat object
sailboat vehicle
sailboat vessel
sailboat whole
sailing abstraction
sailing act
sailing action
sailing change
sailing entity
sailing event
sailing motion
sailing travel
sailing abstraction
sailing act
sailing departure
sailing entity
sailing event
sailor entity
sailor object
sailor organism
sailor person
sailor whole
sailor worker
saint abstraction
saint belief
saint cognition
saint content
saint deity
saint entity
saint object
saint organism
saint person
saint whole
sake abstraction
sake attribute
sake benefit
sake entity
sake good
sake quality
sake abstraction
sake agent
sake alcohol
sake beverage
sake drug
sake entity
sake fluid
sake food
sake liquid
sake matter
sake part
sake relation
sake substance
sake abstraction
sake cognition
sake content
sake entity
sake goal
sake purpose
salad dish
salad entity
salad food
salad matter
salad substance
salamander amphibian
salamander animal
salamander entity
salamander object
salamander organism
salamander vertebrate
salamander whole
salamander ability
salamander abstraction
salamander cognition
salamander creativity
salamander entity
salamander imagination
salamander monster
salami entity
salami food
salami matter
salami meat
salami sausage
salami solid
sale abstraction
sale act
sale commerce
sale entity
sale event
sale selling
sale transaction
sale abstraction
sale act
sale commerce
sale entity
sale event
sale selling
sale transaction
sale abstraction
sale attribute
sale being
sale entity
sale occasion
sale opportunity
sale possibility
sale state
sale abstraction
sale attribute
sale entity
sale state
sale abstraction
sale agreement
sale communication
sale entity
sale message
sale statement
salesman employee
salesman entity
salesman object
salesman organism
salesman person
salesman whole
salesman worker
salient abstraction
salient attribute
salient entity
salient projection
salient shape
salient solid
saliva abstraction
saliva entity
saliva matter
saliva part
saliva relation
saliva secretion
saliva substance
salivation entity
salivation process
salivation secretion
salmon animal
salmon entity
salmon fish
salmon object
salmon organism
salmon vertebrate
salmon whole
salmon entity
salmon fish
salmon food
salmon matter
salmon solid
salmon abstraction
salmon attribute
salmon color
salmon entity
salmon property
salon area
salon artifact
salon entity
salon gallery
salon object
salon room
salon structure
salon whole
salon artifact
salon entity
salon establishment
salon object
salon shop
salon structure
salon whole
salon area
salon artifact
salon entity
salon object
salon room
salon structure
salon whole
salsa condiment
salsa entity
salsa food
salsa foodstuff
salsa ingredient
salsa matter
salsa substance
salt abstraction
salt chemical
salt compound
salt entity
salt material
salt matter
salt part
salt relation
salt substance
salt entity
salt food
salt foodstuff
salt ingredient
salt matter
salt substance
salt abstraction
salt cognition
salt entity
salt perception
salt process
salt sensation
salt taste
salt season
salt discharge
salt scatter
salt spread
salt sprinkle
salt change
salt spice
salt cook
salt make
salt preserve
saltiness abstraction
saltiness communication
saltiness entity
saltiness abstraction
saltiness attribute
saltiness entity
saltiness property
salutation abstraction
salutation communication
salutation entity
salutation introduction
salutation music
salutation opening
salutation section
salutation writing
salute abstraction
salute approval
salute communication
salute entity
salute message
salute recognition
salute abstraction
salute communication
salute entity
salute greeting
salute message
salute abstraction
salute communication
salute entity
salute greeting
salute message
salute address
salute come
salute greet
salute travel
salute evaluate
salute measure
salute praise
salute think
salute smell
salute address
salute come
salute greet
salute travel
salute address
salute come
salute greet
salute travel
salvage abstraction
salvage artifact
salvage commodity
salvage entity
salvage object
salvage possession
salvage property
salvage relation
salvage whole
salvage abstraction
salvage act
salvage entity
salvage event
salvage recovery
salvage rescue
salvage abstraction
salvage act
salvage entity
salvage event
salvage recovery
salvage rescue
salvage save
salvage gather
salvation abstraction
salvation act
salvation entity
salvation event
salvation implementation
salvation means
salvation abstraction
salvation attribute
salvation condition
salvation entity
salvation safety
salvation state
salvation abstraction
salvation act
salvation entity
salvation event
salvation recovery
salvation rescue
salve abstraction
salve act
salve action
salve change
salve correction
salve entity
salve event
salve improvement
salve redress
salve medicate
salve treat
samba abstraction
samba communication
samba entity
samba music
samba abstraction
samba act
samba activity
samba cognition
samba content
samba dancing
samba discipline
samba diversion
samba entity
samba event
samba abstraction
samba act
samba activity
samba entity
samba event
samba game
samba dance
samba move
sameness abstraction
sameness attribute
sameness entity
sameness quality
sample abstraction
sample cognition
sample entity
sample example
sample information
sample entity
sample object
sample whole
sample consume
sampling abstraction
sampling act
sampling action
sampling choice
sampling entity
sampling event
sampling abstraction
sampling act
sampling activity
sampling entity
sampling event
sampling measurement
samurai entity
samurai object
samurai organism
samurai person
samurai warrior
samurai whole
samurai abstraction
samurai class
samurai elite
samurai entity
samurai group
samurai nobility
samurai people
sanctification abstraction
sanctification act
sanctification activity
sanctification ceremony
sanctification entity
sanctification event
sanction abstraction
sanction approval
sanction communication
sanction entity
sanction message
sanction abstraction
sanction act
sanction entity
sanction event
sanction abstraction
sanction act
sanction authorization
sanction entity
sanction event
sanction management
sanction appoint
sanction empower
sanction accept
sanction act
sanction approve
sanction authorize
sanction permit
sanction react
sanctuary entity
sanctuary location
sanctuary object
sanctuary place
sanctuary region
sand abstraction
sand earth
sand entity
sand material
sand matter
sand part
sand relation
sand soil
sand substance
sandal artifact
sandal covering
sandal entity
sandal footwear
sandal object
sandal shoe
sandal whole
sandalwood abstraction
sandalwood entity
sandalwood material
sandalwood matter
sandalwood part
sandalwood relation
sandalwood substance
sandalwood wood
sandbank bank
sandbank entity
sandbank object
sandbank ridge
sandbox artifact
sandbox container
sandbox entity
sandbox instrumentality
sandbox mold
sandbox object
sandbox whole
sandbox artifact
sandbox entity
sandbox object
sandbox plaything
sandbox whole
sandman abstraction
sandman belief
sandman cognition
sandman content
sandman elf
sandman entity
sandman fairy
sandstone abstraction
sandstone entity
sandstone material
sandstone matter
sandstone part
sandstone relation
sandstone rock
sandstone substance
sandwich dish
sandwich entity
sandwich food
sandwich matter
sandwich substance
sandwich cause
sandwich initiate
sandwich make
sandwich organize
sandwich attach
sandwich connect
sandwich insert
sanitation abstraction
sanitation attribute
sanitation condition
sanitation entity
sanitation state
sanitation abstraction
sanitation act
sanitation action
sanitation change
sanitation cleaning
sanitation entity
sanitation event
sanitation improvement
sanity abstraction
sanity attribute
sanity condition
sanity entity
sanity state
sap abstraction
sap entity
sap matter
sap mixture
sap part
sap relation
sap solution
sap substance
sap cave
sap change
sap empty
sap hollow
sapling entity
sapling object
sapling organism
sapling plant
sapling tree
sapling whole
sapphire abstraction
sapphire crystal
sapphire entity
sapphire gem
sapphire material
sapphire matter
sapphire mineral
sapphire part
sapphire relation
sapphire solid
sapphire substance
sapphire adornment
sapphire artifact
sapphire decoration
sapphire entity
sapphire jewel
sapphire jewelry
sapphire object
sapphire whole
sarcasm abstraction
sarcasm communication
sarcasm entity
sarcasm message
sarcasm wit
sarcophagus artifact
sarcophagus box
sarcophagus coffin
sarcophagus container
sarcophagus entity
sarcophagus instrumentality
sarcophagus object
sarcophagus whole
sarong artifact
sarong clothing
sarong commodity
sarong covering
sarong entity
sarong garment
sarong object
sarong skirt
sarong whole
sash artifact
sash entity
sash framework
sash object
sash structure
sash whole
satellite artifact
satellite entity
satellite equipment
satellite instrumentality
satellite object
satellite whole
satellite entity
satellite follower
satellite object
satellite organism
satellite person
satellite whole
satellite entity
satellite object
satellite whole
satellite act
satellite air
satellite communicate
satellite inform
satellite interact
satellite publicize
satellite tell
satin artifact
satin entity
satin fabric
satin object
satin whole
satisfaction abstraction
satisfaction attribute
satisfaction contentment
satisfaction entity
satisfaction feeling
satisfaction happiness
satisfaction state
satisfaction abstraction
satisfaction cost
satisfaction entity
satisfaction payment
satisfaction possession
satisfaction relation
satisfaction abstraction
satisfaction act
satisfaction action
satisfaction change
satisfaction entity
satisfaction event
satisfy equal
satisfy match
satisfy meet
saturate change
saturation abstraction
saturation act
saturation action
saturation change
saturation entity
saturation event
saturation filling
saturation abstraction
saturation attribute
saturation condition
saturation entity
saturation state
saturation abstraction
saturation attribute
saturation entity
saturation property
sauce condiment
sauce entity
sauce food
sauce foodstuff
sauce ingredient
sauce matter
sauce substance
sauce act
sauce season
sauce change
sauna area
sauna artifact
sauna entity
sauna object
sauna room
sauna structure
sauna whole
sausage entity
sausage food
sausage matter
sausage meat
sausage solid
savage entity
savage object
savage organism
savage person
savage primitive
savage whole
savage comment
savage express
savage knock
savage note
savage state
savanna abstraction
savanna community
savanna entity
savanna grassland
savanna group
savanna location
savanna object
savanna region
savanna tract
save abstraction
save act
save entity
save event
save hindrance
save prevention
save have
save keep
save prevent
save give
save pay
save spend
save transfer
saver entity
saver object
saver organism
saver owner
saver person
saver whole
savings abstraction
savings entity
savings fund
savings measure
savings money
savings standard
savior benefactor
savior entity
savior object
savior organism
savior person
savior whole
savor perceive
savor taste
savor season
saw artifact
saw entity
saw implement
saw instrumentality
saw object
saw tool
saw whole
saw cut
saw move
saw separate
sawmill artifact
sawmill device
sawmill entity
sawmill implement
sawmill instrumentality
sawmill machine
sawmill object
sawmill tool
sawmill whole
sax artifact
sax device
sax entity
sax instrumentality
sax object
sax whole
say abstraction
say attribute
say being
say entity
say opportunity
say possibility
say state
say act
say communicate
say convey
say impart
say inform
say interact
say tell
say express
say recite
say repeat
say utter
say act
say communicate
say indicate
say inform
say interact
say read
saying abstraction
saying communication
saying entity
saying speech
scab entity
scab object
scab organism
scab person
scab whole
scab worker
scab abstraction
scab entity
scab matter
scab part
scab relation
scab substance
scab better
scab change
scab heal
scabies abstraction
scabies attribute
scabies condition
scabies entity
scabies infection
scabies state
scaffold artifact
scaffold entity
scaffold object
scaffold platform
scaffold surface
scaffold whole
scaffold abstraction
scaffold arrangement
scaffold entity
scaffold group
scaffold hold
scaffolding artifact
scaffolding entity
scaffolding instrumentality
scaffolding object
scaffolding system
scaffolding whole
scalability abstraction
scalability attribute
scalability entity
scalability quality
scald abstraction
scald attribute
scald burn
scald condition
scald entity
scald injury
scald state
scald abstraction
scald act
scald action
scald burn
scald change
scald damage
scald entity
scald event
scald affect
scald change
scald process
scald change
scald heat
scald burn
scald change
scald damage
scale abstraction
scale entity
scale measure
scale standard
scale abstraction
scale entity
scale relation
scale abstraction
scale entity
scale proportion
scale quotient
scale ratio
scale relation
scale entity
scale leaf
scale object
scale whole
scale bit
scale entity
scale fragment
scale part
scale thing
scale abstraction
scale communication
scale entity
scale notation
scale writing
scale artifact
scale device
scale entity
scale instrumentality
scale instrument
scale object
scale whole
scale artifact
scale device
scale entity
scale indicator
scale instrumentality
scale object
scale whole
scale covering
scale entity
scale object
scale whole
scale be
scale measure
scale imitate
scale model
scale produce
scale reproduce
scale take
scale reach
scale climb
scale rise
scale travel
scale remove
scale act
scale carry
scale communicate
scale interact
scale change
scale size
scallop abstraction
scallop attribute
scallop curve
scallop entity
scallop line
scallop shape
scallop entity
scallop food
scallop matter
scallop seafood
scallop shellfish
scallop solid
scallop animal
scallop entity
scallop invertebrate
scallop object
scallop organism
scallop whole
scallop change
scallop decorate
scallop cook
scallop make
scallop change
scallop empty
scallop hollow
scallop catch
scallop fish
scallop seize
scallop take
scallop change
scallop shape
scalp covering
scalp entity
scalp object
scalp part
scalp skin
scalp thing
scalp tissue
scalp whole
scalp exchange
scalp sell
scalp transfer
scalp remove
scam abstraction
scam act
scam activity
scam crime
scam entity
scam event
scam fraud
scam swindle
scam transgression
scamp perform
scan abstraction
scan act
scan activity
scan entity
scan event
scan examination
scan investigation
scan work
scan artifact
scan creation
scan entity
scan object
scan picture
scan representation
scan whole
scan examine
scan search
scan conform
scan move
scan declaim
scan perform
scandal abstraction
scandal act
scandal entity
scandal event
scandal gossip
scandal report
scandal abstraction
scandal entity
scandal event
scandal happening
scandal trouble
scanner authority
scanner critic
scanner entity
scanner expert
scanner object
scanner organism
scanner person
scanner reviewer
scanner whole
scanner artifact
scanner device
scanner entity
scanner equipment
scanner instrumentality
scanner object
scanner peripheral
scanner whole
scanner antenna
scanner artifact
scanner device
scanner dish
scanner entity
scanner instrumentality
scanner object
scanner whole
scanner artifact
scanner detector
scanner entity
scanner equipment
scanner instrumentality
scanner object
scanner whole
scanning entity
scanning photography
scanning process
scanning abstraction
scanning act
scanning activity
scanning continuance
scanning entity
scanning event
scanning repetition
scanning reproduction
scant control
scant forget
scant inhibit
scant restrain
scant restrict
scant suppress
scapula bone
scapula entity
scapula part
scapula thing
scapula tissue
scar abstraction
scar cognition
scar entity
scar evidence
scar information
scar symptom
scar change
scar damage
scar deface
scarcity abstraction
scarcity amount
scarcity attribute
scarcity entity
scarcity insufficiency
scarcity magnitude
scarcity property
scare abstraction
scare attribute
scare emotion
scare entity
scare fear
scare feeling
scare state
scarlet abstraction
scarlet attribute
scarlet color
scarlet entity
scarlet property
scarlet red
scat abstraction
scat act
scat activity
scat cognition
scat communication
scat content
scat discipline
scat diversion
scat entertainment
scat entity
scat event
scat jazz
scat music
scat performance
scat presentation
scat show
scat singing
scat leave
scatter abstraction
scatter distribution
scatter entity
scatter placement
scatter position
scatter relation
scatter spacing
scatter abstraction
scatter act
scatter action
scatter change
scatter entity
scatter event
scatter expansion
scatter extension
scatter increase
scatter spread
scatter discharge
scatter spread
scatter move
scatter put
scatter sow
scattering abstraction
scattering entity
scattering measure
scattering entity
scattering process
scattering entity
scattering phenomenon
scattering precipitation
scattering process
scattering rain
scattering shower
scattering weather
scavenge change
scavenge clean
scavenge feed
scavenge give
scavenge provide
scavenge transfer
scavenge remove
scenario abstraction
scenario communication
scenario entity
scenario script
scenario writing
scenario entity
scenario environment
scenario location
scenario object
scenario region
scenario setting
scenario abstraction
scenario communication
scenario entity
scenario message
scenario postulate
scenario premise
scenario proposition
scenario statement
scene area
scene entity
scene location
scene object
scene region
scene abstraction
scene entity
scene event
scene happening
scene incident
scene artifact
scene creation
scene entity
scene object
scene photograph
scene representation
scene whole
scene abstraction
scene communication
scene entity
scene writing
scene art
scene artifact
scene creation
scene entity
scene object
scene whole
scenery artifact
scenery creation
scenery entity
scenery object
scenery representation
scenery whole
scenery area
scenery entity
scenery location
scenery object
scenery region
scenery section
scenery vicinity
scent abstraction
scent cognition
scent entity
scent perception
scent process
scent sensation
scent smell
scent perceive
scent smell
schedule abstraction
schedule communication
schedule database
schedule entity
schedule information
schedule list
schedule message
schedule plan
schedule think
schedule plan
schedule think
schematic artifact
schematic creation
schematic diagram
schematic drawing
schematic entity
schematic object
schematic representation
schematic whole
scheme abstraction
scheme cognition
scheme content
scheme entity
scheme idea
scheme plan
scheme plot
scheme think
scheme plan
scheme think
schizophrenia abstraction
schizophrenia attribute
schizophrenia condition
schizophrenia entity
schizophrenia psychosis
schizophrenia state
schizophrenic entity
schizophrenic object
schizophrenic organism
schizophrenic person
schizophrenic psychotic
schizophrenic unfortunate
schizophrenic whole
scholar entity
scholar intellectual
scholar object
scholar organism
scholar person
scholar whole
scholar entity
scholar object
scholar organism
scholar person
scholar student
scholar whole
scholarship abstraction
scholarship acquisition
scholarship aid
scholarship entity
scholarship gift
scholarship possession
scholarship prize
scholarship relation
scholastic entity
scholastic intellectual
scholastic object
scholastic organism
scholastic person
scholastic philosopher
scholastic scholar
scholastic whole
school abstraction
school entity
school group
school institution
school organization
school artifact
school building
school entity
school object
school structure
school whole
school abstraction
school cognition
school education
school entity
school learning
school process
school abstraction
school body
school entity
school group
school abstraction
school entity
school measure
school abstraction
school entity
school group
school institution
school organization
school abstraction
school entity
school group
school better
school change
school educate
school swim
school travel
schoolboy entity
schoolboy juvenile
schoolboy male
schoolboy object
schoolboy organism
schoolboy person
schoolboy whole
schoolgirl entity
schoolgirl female
schoolgirl object
schoolgirl organism
schoolgirl person
schoolgirl whole
schooling abstraction
schooling act
schooling activity
schooling education
schooling entity
schooling event
schooling occupation
schooling profession
schooling teaching
schooling abstraction
schooling act
schooling activity
schooling entity
schooling event
schooling training
schoolmate acquaintance
schoolmate entity
schoolmate object
schoolmate organism
schoolmate person
schoolmate whole
schoolteacher adult
schoolteacher educator
schoolteacher entity
schoolteacher object
schoolteacher organism
schoolteacher person
schoolteacher professional
schoolteacher teacher
schoolteacher whole
schooner artifact
schooner container
schooner entity
schooner glass
schooner instrumentality
schooner object
schooner whole
schooner artifact
schooner conveyance
schooner craft
schooner entity
schooner instrumentality
schooner object
schooner vehicle
schooner vessel
schooner whole
science abstraction
science cognition
science content
science discipline
science entity
scientist entity
scientist object
scientist organism
scientist person
scientist whole
scion descendant
scion entity
scion object
scion organism
scion person
scion relative
scion whole
scissors artifact
scissors bar
scissors cutter
scissors entity
scissors implement
scissors instrumentality
scissors lever
scissors object
scissors tool
scissors whole
scissors abstraction
scissors act
scissors activity
scissors clasp
scissors control
scissors entity
scissors event
scissors grasping
scissors abstraction
scissors act
scissors activity
scissors effort
scissors entity
scissors event
scissors exercise
scissors labor
scissors work
sclerosis abstraction
sclerosis attribute
sclerosis condition
sclerosis entity
sclerosis pathology
sclerosis state
scoff dismiss
scoff evaluate
scoff reject
scoff think
scold entity
scold object
scold organism
scold person
scold whole
scoliosis abnormality
scoliosis abstraction
scoliosis attribute
scoliosis condition
scoliosis entity
scoliosis state
scoop abstraction
scoop entity
scoop measure
scoop abstraction
scoop attribute
scoop entity
scoop shape
scoop solid
scoop artifact
scoop entity
scoop implement
scoop instrumentality
scoop object
scoop shovel
scoop tool
scoop whole
scoop artifact
scoop container
scoop entity
scoop instrumentality
scoop object
scoop vessel
scoop whole
scoop remove
scooter artifact
scooter container
scooter conveyance
scooter entity
scooter instrumentality
scooter object
scooter vehicle
scooter whole
scope abstraction
scope attribute
scope entity
scope extent
scope magnitude
scope property
scorch abstraction
scorch attribute
scorch burn
scorch condition
scorch entity
scorch injury
scorch state
scorch abstraction
scorch attribute
scorch condition
scorch disease
scorch entity
scorch illness
scorch state
scorch abstraction
scorch appearance
scorch attribute
scorch entity
scorch quality
scorch stain
scorch burn
scorch change
scorch burn
scorch destroy
scorch change
scorch dry
score abstraction
score communication
score entity
score music
score abstraction
score entity
score measure
score number
score abstraction
score collection
score entity
score group
score set
score abstraction
score entity
score motivation
score reason
score abstraction
score cognition
score entity
score fact
score information
score abstraction
score debt
score entity
score possession
score relation
score abstraction
score attribute
score depression
score entity
score incision
score shape
score solid
score abstraction
score accomplishment
score act
score action
score attainment
score entity
score event
score success
score gain
score cut
score move
score notch
score separate
score have
score keep
score record
score save
score compose
score make
score achieve
score succeed
scorer contestant
scorer entity
scorer object
scorer organism
scorer person
scorer player
scorer whole
scorer employee
scorer entity
scorer laborer
scorer lumberman
scorer object
scorer organism
scorer person
scorer whole
scorer worker
scorer workman
scorpion animal
scorpion entity
scorpion invertebrate
scorpion object
scorpion organism
scorpion whole
scotch abstraction
scotch agent
scotch alcohol
scotch beverage
scotch drug
scotch entity
scotch fluid
scotch food
scotch liquid
scotch liquor
scotch matter
scotch part
scotch relation
scotch substance
scotch whiskey
scotch cut
scotch move
scotch notch
scotch score
scotch separate
scour entity
scour location
scour object
scour point
scour search
scour guide
scour rub
scourge artifact
scourge device
scourge entity
scourge instrumentality
scourge instrument
scourge object
scourge whip
scourge whole
scourge punish
scout entity
scout female
scout male
scout object
scout organism
scout person
scout whole
scout businessperson
scout capitalist
scout entity
scout object
scout organism
scout person
scout supplier
scout whole
scout entity
scout expert
scout object
scout organism
scout person
scout whole
scout observe
scout watch
scouting abstraction
scouting act
scouting activity
scouting entity
scouting event
scouting intelligence
scouting operation
scouting reconnaissance
scramble abstraction
scramble act
scramble activity
scramble attempt
scramble entity
scramble event
scramble struggle
scramble travel
scramble change
scramble disorder
scramble change
scrap entity
scrap object
scrap part
scrap piece
scrap change
scrap convert
scrapbook album
scrapbook artifact
scrapbook book
scrapbook creation
scrapbook entity
scrapbook object
scrapbook product
scrapbook whole
scrape abstraction
scrape entity
scrape event
scrape happening
scrape noise
scrape sound
scrape abstraction
scrape act
scrape action
scrape bow
scrape communication
scrape entity
scrape event
scrape gesture
scrape reverence
scrape guide
scrape rub
scrape make
scrape bow
scrape change
scrape have
scrape keep
scrape store
scratch contestant
scratch entity
scratch object
scratch organism
scratch person
scratch rival
scratch whole
scratch abstraction
scratch advantage
scratch asset
scratch attribute
scratch entity
scratch handicap
scratch quality
scratch abstraction
scratch appearance
scratch attribute
scratch blemish
scratch entity
scratch quality
scratch cut
scratch move
scratch separate
scratch carve
scratch cut
scratch move
scratch separate
scream abstraction
scream communication
scream cry
scream entity
scream utterance
scream sound
screen artifact
screen entity
screen object
screen surface
screen whole
screen artifact
screen device
screen display
screen entity
screen instrumentality
screen object
screen whole
screen artifact
screen covering
screen entity
screen object
screen whole
screen artifact
screen covering
screen entity
screen object
screen whole
screen artifact
screen entity
screen object
screen partition
screen structure
screen whole
screen check
screen examine
screen analyze
screen choose
screen decide
screen show
screen impede
screen obstruct
screen prevent
screening abstraction
screening communication
screening display
screening entity
screening artifact
screening entity
screening fabric
screening object
screening whole
screening abstraction
screening act
screening activity
screening entity
screening event
screening examination
screening investigation
screening testing
screening work
screenplay abstraction
screenplay communication
screenplay entity
screenplay script
screenplay writing
screenwriter entity
screenwriter object
screenwriter organism
screenwriter person
screenwriter scriptwriter
screenwriter whole
screenwriter writer
screw artifact
screw device
screw entity
screw instrumentality
screw machine
screw mechanism
screw object
screw whole
screw artifact
screw device
screw entity
screw instrumentality
screw mechanism
screw object
screw propeller
screw whole
screw artifact
screw device
screw entity
screw fastener
screw instrumentality
screw object
screw restraint
screw whole
screw move
screw revolve
screw turn
screw move
screw revolve
screw turn
screw change
screw tighten
scribe entity
scribe journalist
scribe object
scribe organism
scribe person
scribe whole
scribe writer
scribe cut
scribe move
scribe notch
scribe score
scribe separate
scriber artifact
scriber awl
scriber entity
scriber implement
scriber instrumentality
scriber object
scriber tool
scriber whole
script abstraction
script communication
script entity
script writing
script abstraction
script communication
script entity
script orthography
script writing
script make
script write
scripture abstraction
scripture communication
scripture entity
scripture writing
scriptwriter entity
scriptwriter object
scriptwriter organism
scriptwriter person
scriptwriter whole
scriptwriter writer
scroll abstraction
scroll autograph
scroll communication
scroll entity
scroll manuscript
scroll writing
scroll change
scroll move
scrotum cavity
scrotum entity
scrotum part
scrotum pouch
scrotum structure
scrotum thing
scrub abstraction
scrub collection
scrub entity
scrub group
scrub vegetation
scrub abstraction
scrub act
scrub action
scrub change
scrub cleaning
scrub entity
scrub event
scrub improvement
scrub guide
scrub rub
scrub better
scrub change
scrub cleanse
scrub groom
scrub wash
scrubber entity
scrubber object
scrubber organism
scrubber person
scrubber whole
scrubber worker
scrubber apparatus
scrubber artifact
scrubber entity
scrubber equipment
scrubber instrumentality
scrubber object
scrubber whole
scruple abstraction
scruple entity
scruple measure
scruple abstraction
scruple anxiety
scruple attribute
scruple emotion
scruple entity
scruple feeling
scruple state
scruple abstraction
scruple cognition
scruple content
scruple entity
scruple idea
scruple ideal
scruple principle
scruple value
scruple act
scruple delay
scruple hesitate
scruple wait
scruple fuss
scruple worry
scruple think
scruple wonder
scrutiny abstraction
scrutiny act
scrutiny activity
scrutiny entity
scrutiny event
scrutiny look
sculptor artist
sculptor creator
sculptor entity
sculptor object
sculptor organism
sculptor person
sculptor whole
sculpture abstraction
sculpture art
sculpture artifact
sculpture attribute
sculpture creation
sculpture entity
sculpture figure
sculpture object
sculpture shape
sculpture whole
sculpture abstraction
sculpture act
sculpture activity
sculpture art
sculpture cognition
sculpture content
sculpture creation
sculpture discipline
sculpture entity
sculpture event
scum entity
scum film
scum object
scurvy abstraction
scurvy attribute
scurvy condition
scurvy disease
scurvy entity
scurvy illness
scurvy malnutrition
scurvy state
scythe artifact
scythe cutter
scythe entity
scythe implement
scythe instrumentality
scythe object
scythe tool
scythe whole
scythe cut
scythe move
scythe mow
scythe separate
sea entity
sea thing
sea entity
sea flow
sea process
seabird animal
seabird bird
seabird entity
seabird object
seabird organism
seabird vertebrate
seabird whole
seafaring abstraction
seafaring act
seafaring activity
seafaring employment
seafaring entity
seafaring event
seafaring occupation
seafood entity
seafood food
seafood matter
seafood solid
seal artifact
seal decoration
seal design
seal device
seal entity
seal object
seal whole
seal abstraction
seal entity
seal fur
seal material
seal matter
seal part
seal relation
seal substance
seal abstraction
seal communication
seal entity
seal signal
seal stamp
seal symbol
seal artifact
seal coating
seal covering
seal entity
seal object
seal whole
seal artifact
seal device
seal entity
seal fastener
seal instrumentality
seal object
seal restraint
seal whole
seal animal
seal entity
seal mammal
seal object
seal organism
seal vertebrate
seal whole
seal close
seal better
seal change
seal close
seal fill
seal repair
seal decide
seal affix
seal attach
seal connect
seal capture
seal get
seal hunt
seam artifact
seam connection
seam entity
seam instrumentality
seam joint
seam junction
seam object
seam whole
seam entity
seam layer
seam location
seam object
seam region
seam connect
seam join
seamanship ability
seamanship abstraction
seamanship cognition
seamanship entity
seamanship skill
seaport entity
seaport location
seaport object
seaport point
seaport port
search abstraction
search act
search activity
search entity
search event
search abstraction
search act
search activity
search entity
search event
search investigation
search work
search entity
search operation
search processing
search process
search abstraction
search cognition
search entity
search process
search abstraction
search act
search activity
search entity
search event
search examination
search investigation
search work
search examine
searcher entity
searcher object
searcher official
searcher organism
searcher person
searcher whole
searcher worker
searcher animal
searcher beetle
searcher entity
searcher insect
searcher invertebrate
searcher object
searcher organism
searcher whole
searchlight artifact
searchlight device
searchlight entity
searchlight instrumentality
searchlight light
searchlight object
searchlight whole
seashell covering
seashell entity
seashell object
seashell shell
seashell whole
seashore entity
seashore object
seashore shore
seaside entity
seaside object
seaside seashore
seaside shore
season abstraction
season entity
season measure
season abstraction
season entity
season measure
season abstraction
season entity
season measure
season change
season strengthen
seasoning abstraction
seasoning act
seasoning action
seasoning change
seasoning entity
seasoning event
seat area
seat entity
seat location
seat object
seat region
seat space
seat artifact
seat entity
seat furnishing
seat furniture
seat instrumentality
seat object
seat whole
seat artifact
seat device
seat entity
seat instrumentality
seat object
seat support
seat whole
seat area
seat center
seat entity
seat location
seat object
seat region
seat entity
seat location
seat object
seat abstraction
seat cognition
seat concept
seat content
seat entity
seat idea
seat right
seat entity
seat object
seat part
seat artifact
seat covering
seat entity
seat object
seat whole
seat move
seat put
seat accommodate
seat give
seat supply
seat transfer
seat give
seat supply
seat transfer
seat move
seat put
seat move
seat put
seating abstraction
seating entity
seating position
seating relation
seating room
seating abstraction
seating act
seating activity
seating aid
seating entity
seating event
seating service
seaward abstraction
seaward direction
seaward entity
seaward position
seaward relation
seawater abstraction
seawater chemical
seawater compound
seawater entity
seawater fluid
seawater liquid
seawater material
seawater matter
seawater part
seawater relation
seawater substance
seawater water
seaweed entity
seaweed microorganism
seaweed object
seaweed organism
seaweed whole
secession abstraction
secession body
secession entity
secession group
secession movement
secession school
secession abstraction
secession act
secession action
secession change
secession entity
secession event
secession separation
seclusion abstraction
seclusion act
seclusion entity
seclusion event
seclusion separation
second abstraction
second entity
second measure
second abstraction
second attribute
second entity
second rank
second state
second status
second abstraction
second entity
second measure
second assistant
second attendant
second entity
second object
second organism
second person
second whole
second worker
second abstraction
second act
second agreement
second entity
second event
second support
second appoint
second delegate
second transfer
secondary abstraction
secondary arrangement
secondary entity
secondary formation
secondary group
secrecy abstraction
secrecy attribute
secrecy entity
secrecy trait
secret abstraction
secret communication
secret entity
secret information
secret message
secret abstraction
secret communication
secret entity
secret information
secret message
secretariat abstraction
secretariat entity
secretariat group
secretariat organization
secretariat unit
secretary entity
secretary head
secretary leader
secretary object
secretary organism
secretary person
secretary whole
secretary assistant
secretary entity
secretary object
secretary organism
secretary person
secretary whole
secretary worker
secretary artifact
secretary desk
secretary entity
secretary furnishing
secretary furniture
secretary instrumentality
secretary object
secretary table
secretary whole
secrete excrete
secrete exhaust
secrete exude
secrete hide
secretion entity
secretion process
secretion abstraction
secretion entity
secretion matter
secretion part
secretion relation
secretion substance
sect abstraction
sect entity
sect group
sect institution
sect organization
sect religion
sectarian advocate
sectarian entity
sectarian object
sectarian organism
sectarian partisan
sectarian person
sectarian whole
section abstraction
section communication
section entity
section music
section writing
section entity
section part
section slice
section thing
section area
section entity
section location
section object
section region
section entity
section object
section part
section abstraction
section entity
section group
section organization
section team
section unit
section abstraction
section entity
section measure
section abstraction
section area
section attribute
section entity
section extent
section magnitude
section property
section abstraction
section class
section entity
section gathering
section group
section abstraction
section entity
section group
section organization
section abstraction
section entity
section group
section organization
section unit
section entity
section part
section segment
section thing
sectional artifact
sectional entity
sectional furnishing
sectional furniture
sectional instrumentality
sectional object
sectional whole
sector abstraction
sector attribute
sector entity
sector figure
sector shape
sector abstraction
sector entity
sector group
sector abstraction
sector aspect
sector cognition
sector concept
sector content
sector entity
sector feature
sector idea
sector property
sector abstraction
sector entity
sector measure
sector entity
sector location
sector object
sector region
sector tract
sector artifact
sector device
sector entity
sector instrumentality
sector instrument
sector object
sector whole
secularism abstraction
secularism belief
secularism cognition
secularism content
secularism doctrine
secularism entity
secure declare
secure express
secure guarantee
secure pledge
secure promise
secure state
security abstraction
security attribute
security condition
security entity
security safety
security state
security abstraction
security assets
security entity
security possession
security relation
security abstraction
security attribute
security entity
security fearlessness
security feeling
security state
security abstraction
security communication
security document
security entity
security writing
security abstraction
security entity
security possession
security relation
security abstraction
security department
security division
security entity
security group
security organization
security unit
security abstraction
security assurance
security commitment
security communication
security entity
security guarantee
security message
security abstraction
security act
security action
security choice
security decision
security entity
security event
security maneuver
security measure
security move
security precaution
sedan artifact
sedan car
sedan container
sedan conveyance
sedan entity
sedan instrumentality
sedan object
sedan vehicle
sedan whole
sedan artifact
sedan conveyance
sedan entity
sedan instrumentality
sedan litter
sedan object
sedan whole
sedate affect
sedate change
sedateness abstraction
sedateness attribute
sedateness entity
sedateness seriousness
sedateness trait
sedative agent
sedative drug
sedative entity
sedative matter
sedative medicine
sedative substance
sediment entity
sediment matter
sediment move
sediment put
sediment situate
sediment move
sediment put
sediment settle
seduction abstraction
seduction act
seduction causing
seduction entity
seduction event
seduction influence
seduction abstraction
seduction accomplishment
seduction act
seduction action
seduction attainment
seduction entity
seduction event
seduction success
see area
see center
see entity
see location
see object
see region
see seat
see perceive
see evaluate
see think
see confirm
see verify
see meet
see visit
see meet
see visit
see receive
see perceive
see see
see act
see communicate
see consider
see interact
see talk
see detect
see perceive
see spy
see accompany
see travel
see bet
see compete
see gamble
see play
seed entity
seed fruit
seed object
seed whole
seed entity
seed object
seed whole
seed move
seed spill
seed finance
seed give
seed pay
seed transfer
seed bear
seed make
seed evaluate
seed rate
seed think
seed affect
seed change
seed process
seed insert
seed move
seed put
seed remove
seeder entity
seeder object
seeder organism
seeder person
seeder whole
seeder artifact
seeder device
seeder entity
seeder instrumentality
seeder mechanism
seeder object
seeder whole
seeder artifact
seeder entity
seeder implement
seeder instrumentality
seeder object
seeder utensil
seeder whole
seedling entity
seedling object
seedling organism
seedling plant
seedling whole
seek abstraction
seek entity
seek event
seek happening
seek movement
seek desire
seek travel
seek act
seek address
seek ask
seek communicate
seek interact
seek question
seek request
seek wonder
seeker entity
seeker object
seeker organism
seeker person
seeker whole
seeker artifact
seeker device
seeker entity
seeker instrumentality
seeker instrument
seeker object
seeker projectile
seeker weapon
seeker whole
seeking abstraction
seeking act
seeking activity
seeking attempt
seeking entity
seeking event
seem be
seem appear
seem be
seep move
seep run
seepage abstraction
seepage entity
seepage event
seepage flow
seepage happening
seepage movement
seethe be
seethe bubble
seethe emit
seethe exhaust
seethe foam
seethe churn
seethe move
segment entity
segment part
segment thing
segment change
segment separate
segment change
segment separate
segregate entity
segregate object
segregate organism
segregate person
segregate whole
segregate determine
segregate discriminate
segregate distinguish
segregate identify
segregate change
segregate separate
segregate determine
segregate discriminate
segregate distinguish
segregate identify
segregate isolate
segregation entity
segregation process
segregation abstraction
segregation entity
segregation group
segregation system
segregation abstraction
segregation act
segregation entity
segregation event
segregation separation
seismograph artifact
seismograph device
seismograph entity
seismograph instrumentality
seismograph instrument
seismograph object
seismograph whole
seismology abstraction
seismology cognition
seismology content
seismology discipline
seismology entity
seismology geology
seismology geophysics
seismology science
seize take
seize catch
seize hook
seize seize
seize take
seize arouse
seize make
seize overwhelm
seizing artifact
seizing entity
seizing line
seizing object
seizing rope
seizing whole
seizure abstraction
seizure affliction
seizure attack
seizure entity
seizure event
seizure happening
seizure trouble
seizure abstraction
seizure act
seizure appropriation
seizure entity
seizure event
selection abstraction
selection assortment
selection collection
selection entity
selection group
selectivity abstraction
selectivity attribute
selectivity entity
selectivity property
selector artifact
selector control
selector device
selector entity
selector instrumentality
selector mechanism
selector object
selector switch
selector whole
self abstraction
self attribute
self condition
self consciousness
self entity
self state
self entity
self object
self organism
self person
self whole
selfishness abstraction
selfishness attribute
selfishness entity
selfishness stinginess
selfishness trait
selflessness abstraction
selflessness act
selflessness cooperation
selflessness entity
selflessness event
sell abstraction
sell act
sell commerce
sell entity
sell event
sell sale
sell selling
sell transaction
sell exchange
sell transfer
sell be
sell induce
sell persuade
sell give
sell surrender
sell be
seller businessperson
seller capitalist
seller entity
seller merchant
seller object
seller organism
seller person
seller whole
selling abstraction
selling act
selling commerce
selling entity
selling event
selling transaction
sellout abstraction
sellout act
sellout activity
sellout dishonesty
sellout entity
sellout event
sellout treachery
semantics abstraction
semantics cognition
semantics content
semantics discipline
semantics entity
semantics linguistics
semantics science
semantics abstraction
semantics cognition
semantics content
semantics entity
semantics idea
semantics meaning
semblance abstraction
semblance appearance
semblance attribute
semblance entity
semblance quality
semen abstraction
semen entity
semen matter
semen part
semen relation
semen substance
semester abstraction
semester entity
semester measure
semester term
semester abstraction
semester entity
semester measure
semicolon abstraction
semicolon communication
semicolon entity
semicolon mark
semicolon punctuation
semicolon signal
semicolon symbol
semiconductor abstraction
semiconductor conductor
semiconductor entity
semiconductor material
semiconductor matter
semiconductor part
semiconductor relation
semiconductor substance
semifinal abstraction
semifinal contest
semifinal entity
semifinal event
semifinal match
semifinalist contestant
semifinalist entity
semifinalist object
semifinalist organism
semifinalist person
semifinalist rival
semifinalist whole
seminar abstraction
seminar conference
seminar entity
seminar gathering
seminar group
seminar meeting
seminar abstraction
seminar act
seminar activity
seminar course
seminar education
seminar entity
seminar event
seminarian entity
seminarian object
seminarian organism
seminarian person
seminarian student
seminarian whole
seminary abstraction
seminary entity
seminary group
seminary institution
seminary organization
seminary school
seminary abstraction
seminary entity
seminary group
seminary institution
seminary organization
seminary school
senate abstraction
senate assembly
senate entity
senate gathering
senate group
senate legislature
senator entity
senator leader
senator legislator
senator object
senator organism
senator person
senator politician
senator whole
send move
send transmit
send move
send transfer
sender entity
sender object
sender organism
sender person
sender whole
sending abstraction
sending act
sending causing
sending entity
sending event
senior entity
senior object
senior organism
senior person
senior student
senior undergraduate
senior whole
seniority abstraction
seniority attribute
seniority entity
seniority state
seniority status
sensation abstraction
sensation cognition
sensation entity
sensation perception
sensation process
sensation abstraction
sensation agitation
sensation attribute
sensation entity
sensation feeling
sensation state
sensation stir
sensation abstraction
sensation arousal
sensation attribute
sensation condition
sensation entity
sensation excitement
sensation state
sense abstraction
sense awareness
sense cognition
sense entity
sense knowing
sense process
sense abstraction
sense communication
sense entity
sense meaning
sense message
sense ability
sense abstraction
sense cognition
sense entity
sense faculty
sense abstraction
sense appreciation
sense cognition
sense entity
sense knowing
sense process
sense understanding
sense detect
sense perceive
sense spy
sense understand
sensibility abstraction
sensibility attribute
sensibility condition
sensibility consciousness
sensibility entity
sensibility state
sensibility abstraction
sensibility attribute
sensibility entity
sensibility feeling
sensibility sensitivity
sensibility state
sensitivity ability
sensitivity abstraction
sensitivity cognition
sensitivity entity
sensitivity faculty
sensitivity sense
sensitivity abstraction
sensitivity attribute
sensitivity entity
sensitivity property
sensitivity abstraction
sensitivity attribute
sensitivity entity
sensitivity feeling
sensitivity state
sensitivity abstraction
sensitivity attribute
sensitivity condition
sensitivity entity
sensitivity state
sensitivity susceptibility
sensitivity ability
sensitivity abstraction
sensitivity attribute
sensitivity entity
sensitivity quality
sensuousness abstraction
sensuousness attribute
sensuousness entity
sensuousness feeling
sensuousness sensibility
sensuousness sensitivity
sensuousness state
sent abstraction
sent entity
sent measure
sentence abstraction
sentence arrangement
sentence communication
sentence entity
sentence group
sentence language
sentence sequence
sentence series
sentence string
sentence declare
sentence express
sentence state
sentiment abstraction
sentiment attribute
sentiment entity
sentiment feeling
sentiment state
separate artifact
separate clothing
separate commodity
separate covering
separate entity
separate garment
separate object
separate whole
separate move
separate change
separate move
separate change
separation abstraction
separation attribute
separation entity
separation state
separation abstraction
separation change
separation entity
separation event
separation happening
separation abstraction
separation act
separation activity
separation entity
separation event
separation grouping
separation abstraction
separation act
separation entity
separation event
separation area
separation entity
separation location
separation object
separation region
separation space
separation abstraction
separation ending
separation entity
separation event
separation happening
separation result
separation abstraction
separation act
separation action
separation change
separation entity
separation event
separatism abstraction
separatism attribute
separatism disposition
separatism entity
separatism property
separatist advocate
separatist entity
separatist object
separatist organism
separatist person
separatist whole
septum entity
septum partition
septum part
septum thing
septum entity
septum object
septum whole
sequel abstraction
sequel ending
sequel entity
sequel event
sequel happening
sequel result
sequel abstraction
sequel addendum
sequel communication
sequel entity
sequel matter
sequel writing
sequence abstraction
sequence arrangement
sequence entity
sequence group
sequence series
sequence abstraction
sequence attribute
sequence entity
sequence property
sequence artifact
sequence entity
sequence equipment
sequence film
sequence instrumentality
sequence object
sequence whole
sequence abstraction
sequence entity
sequence event
sequence happening
sequence repeat
sequence evaluate
sequence rate
sequence think
sequence determine
serenade abstraction
serenade communication
serenade entity
serenade music
serenade song
serenade perform
serendipity entity
serendipity luck
serendipity phenomenon
serendipity process
serf entity
serf object
serf organism
serf person
serf slave
serf whole
sergeant entity
sergeant object
sergeant organism
sergeant person
sergeant serviceman
sergeant whole
sergeant worker
serial abstraction
serial broadcast
serial entity
serial event
serial show
serialization abstraction
serialization act
serialization commerce
serialization entity
serialization event
serialization publication
serialization transaction
series abstraction
series arrangement
series entity
series group
series artifact
series creation
series entity
series object
series periodical
series product
series publication
series whole
series work
series abstraction
series contest
series entity
series event
series abstraction
series connection
series entity
series relation
series abstraction
series entity
series group
series abstraction
series entity
series function
series relation
seriousness abstraction
seriousness attribute
seriousness badness
seriousness degree
seriousness entity
seriousness intensity
seriousness property
seriousness abstraction
seriousness attribute
seriousness entity
seriousness trait
sermon abstraction
sermon act
sermon address
sermon entity
sermon event
sermon abstraction
sermon communication
sermon criticism
sermon disapproval
sermon entity
sermon lecture
sermon message
sermon rebuke
serpent abstraction
serpent chemical
serpent entity
serpent explosive
serpent firework
serpent material
serpent matter
serpent part
serpent relation
serpent substance
serpent artifact
serpent brass
serpent device
serpent entity
serpent instrumentality
serpent object
serpent whole
serum abstraction
serum entity
serum matter
serum part
serum relation
serum substance
servant entity
servant object
servant organism
servant person
servant whole
servant worker
serve abstraction
serve act
serve action
serve change
serve entity
serve event
serve maneuver
serve motion
serve stroke
serve equal
serve match
serve meet
serve satisfy
serve suffice
serve work
serve cause
serve effect
serve make
serve give
serve provide
serve transfer
serve give
serve provide
serve transfer
serve work
serve arouse
serve encourage
serve foster
serve inspire
serve make
serve stimulate
serve spend
serve help
serve support
serve bring
serve deliver
serve move
serve transmit
serve work
serve connect
serve copulate
serve join
serve move
server contestant
server entity
server object
server organism
server person
server player
server whole
server artifact
server computer
server device
server entity
server instrumentality
server machine
server object
server whole
server artifact
server entity
server implement
server instrumentality
server object
server utensil
server whole
service abstraction
service act
service activity
service entity
service event
service work
service abstraction
service act
service activity
service aid
service entity
service event
service abstraction
service act
service activity
service ceremony
service entity
service event
service abstraction
service company
service entity
service group
service institution
service organization
service abstraction
service act
service activity
service employment
service entity
service event
service occupation
service article
service artifact
service entity
service object
service ware
service whole
service abstraction
service act
service activity
service entity
service event
service abstraction
service act
service action
service change
service delivery
service entity
service event
service movement
service transportation
service abstraction
service accommodation
service act
service activity
service aid
service entity
service event
service function
service adjust
service change
service tune
serviceability abstraction
serviceability attribute
serviceability entity
serviceability quality
serviceability utility
serviceman entity
serviceman object
serviceman organism
serviceman person
serviceman whole
serviceman worker
servitude abstraction
servitude attribute
servitude bondage
servitude entity
servitude relationship
servitude state
servitude subjugation
sesame entity
sesame herb
sesame object
sesame organism
sesame plant
sesame whole
session abstraction
session communication
session conference
session discussion
session entity
session speech
session abstraction
session act
session assembly
session entity
session event
session meeting
set abstraction
set collection
set entity
set group
set abstraction
set entity
set abstraction
set act
set activity
set effort
set entity
set event
set exercise
set labor
set work
set abstraction
set entity
set group
set abstraction
set act
set activity
set entity
set event
set placement
set abstraction
set entity
set measure
set abstraction
set descent
set entity
set event
set happening
set movement
set abstraction
set attribute
set condition
set entity
set state
set artifact
set entity
set equipment
set instrumentality
set object
set whole
set make
set change
set arrange
set move
set put
set adjust
set change
set make
set stage
set descend
set travel
set make
set originate
set move
set put
set attach
set bury
set connect
set implant
set insert
set change
set hone
set sharpen
setting entity
setting environment
setting location
setting object
setting region
setting abstraction
setting attribute
setting entity
setting environment
setting situation
setting state
setting entity
setting location
setting object
setting point
setting position
settle artifact
settle bench
settle entity
settle furnishing
settle furniture
settle instrumentality
settle object
settle seat
settle whole
settle move
settle put
settle agree
settle conclude
settle change
settle stabilize
settle become
settle change
settle better
settle change
settle stop
settle arrange
settle move
settle put
settle accept
settle act
settle react
settle agree
settle arrange
settle change
settle move
settle sink
settle contend
settlement abstraction
settlement agreement
settlement communication
settlement entity
settlement message
settlement statement
settlement abstraction
settlement cognition
settlement entity
settlement process
settlement entity
settlement location
settlement object
settlement region
settler entity
settler migrant
settler object
settler organism
settler person
settler traveler
settler whole
settler entity
settler negotiator
settler object
settler organism
settler person
settler whole
settler clerk
settler employee
settler entity
settler object
settler organism
settler person
settler whole
settler worker
settling abstraction
settling descent
settling entity
settling event
settling happening
settling movement
settling sinking
setup abstraction
setup attribute
setup entity
setup manner
setup property
seven abstraction
seven digit
seven entity
seven integer
seven measure
seven number
seventeen abstraction
seventeen entity
seventeen integer
seventeen measure
seventeen number
seventeenth abstraction
seventeenth attribute
seventeenth entity
seventeenth rank
seventeenth state
seventeenth status
seventh abstraction
seventh attribute
seventh entity
seventh rank
seventh state
seventh status
seventh abstraction
seventh communication
seventh entity
seventh interval
seventh notation
seventh writing
seventieth abstraction
seventieth attribute
seventieth entity
seventieth rank
seventieth state
seventieth status
seventy abstraction
seventy entity
seventy integer
seventy measure
seventy number
sever move
sever separate
severance abstraction
severance act
severance action
severance change
severance cut
severance division
severance entity
severance event
severance separation
severity abstraction
severity attribute
severity disposition
severity entity
severity nature
severity trait
sew attach
sew connect
sew fasten
sew fashion
sew make
sewage abstraction
sewage entity
sewage material
sewage matter
sewage part
sewage relation
sewage substance
sewage waste
sewer artifact
sewer conduit
sewer drain
sewer entity
sewer object
sewer passage
sewer pipe
sewer tube
sewer way
sewer whole
sewer creator
sewer entity
sewer maker
sewer object
sewer organism
sewer person
sewer whole
sewing abstraction
sewing act
sewing activity
sewing art
sewing creation
sewing entity
sewing event
sewing handicraft
sewing occupation
sewing trade
sewing artifact
sewing creation
sewing entity
sewing object
sewing whole
sex abstraction
sex class
sex collection
sex entity
sex group
sex abstraction
sex attribute
sex entity
sex feeling
sex state
sex abstraction
sex attribute
sex entity
sex property
sex determine
sex distinguish
sex identify
sextant abstraction
sextant entity
sextant measure
sextant artifact
sextant device
sextant entity
sextant instrumentality
sextant instrument
sextant object
sextant whole
shackle artifact
shackle device
shackle entity
shackle instrumentality
shackle object
shackle restraint
shackle whole
shackle artifact
shackle bar
shackle entity
shackle implement
shackle instrumentality
shackle object
shackle whole
shade abstraction
shade attribute
shade dark
shade entity
shade illumination
shade state
shade abstraction
shade attribute
shade color
shade entity
shade property
shade artifact
shade covering
shade entity
shade object
shade whole
shade abstraction
shade attribute
shade entity
shade inferiority
shade state
shade status
shade artifact
shade creation
shade entity
shade object
shade representation
shade whole
shade act
shade create
shade draw
shade make
shade paint
shade represent
shade impede
shade obstruct
shade prevent
shade screen
shade change
shadow abstraction
shadow attribute
shadow dark
shadow entity
shadow illumination
shadow shade
shadow state
shadow abstraction
shadow apprehension
shadow attribute
shadow emotion
shadow entity
shadow fear
shadow feeling
shadow state
shadow abstraction
shadow asset
shadow attribute
shadow entity
shadow quality
shadow recourse
shadow resource
shadow abstraction
shadow attribute
shadow being
shadow entity
shadow presence
shadow state
shadow entity
shadow follower
shadow object
shadow organism
shadow person
shadow traveler
shadow whole
shadow follow
shadow travel
shadow change
shadow darken
shadow be
shadow dominate
shadow lie
shaft abstraction
shaft communication
shaft entity
shaft indication
shaft line
shaft mark
shaft artifact
shaft entity
shaft implement
shaft instrumentality
shaft object
shaft rod
shaft whole
shaft artifact
shaft entity
shaft object
shaft passage
shaft way
shaft whole
shaft artifact
shaft device
shaft entity
shaft instrumentality
shaft object
shaft support
shaft upright
shaft whole
shaft artifact
shaft entity
shaft object
shaft passage
shaft way
shaft whole
shaft equip
shaft give
shaft supply
shaft transfer
shake move
shake change
shake weaken
shake escape
shake flee
shake leave
shake scat
shake change
shake act
shake communicate
shake interact
shaker entity
shaker object
shaker organism
shaker person
shaker whole
shaker entity
shaker object
shaker organism
shaker person
shaker whole
shaker artifact
shaker container
shaker entity
shaker instrumentality
shaker object
shaker whole
shaking abstraction
shaking act
shaking action
shaking agitation
shaking change
shaking entity
shaking event
shaking motion
shaking abstraction
shaking attribute
shaking entity
shaking motion
shaking state
shallot bulb
shallot entity
shallot object
shallot stalk
shallot whole
shallot entity
shallot object
shallot onion
shallot organism
shallot plant
shallot whole
shallot entity
shallot food
shallot matter
shallot onion
shallot produce
shallot solid
shallot vegetable
shallow change
shallowness abstraction
shallowness attribute
shallowness depth
shallowness entity
shallowness extent
shallowness magnitude
shallowness property
shaman entity
shaman leader
shaman object
shaman organism
shaman person
shaman priest
shaman whole
shame abstraction
shame attribute
shame entity
shame feeling
shame state
shame abstraction
shame attribute
shame entity
shame standing
shame state
shame status
shame compel
shame induce
shame arouse
shame make
shame beat
shame surpass
shamelessness abstraction
shamelessness attribute
shamelessness boldness
shamelessness character
shamelessness courage
shamelessness entity
shamelessness fearlessness
shamelessness spirit
shamelessness trait
shampoo abstraction
shampoo chemical
shampoo compound
shampoo entity
shampoo formulation
shampoo material
shampoo matter
shampoo part
shampoo relation
shampoo substance
shampoo abstraction
shampoo act
shampoo activity
shampoo care
shampoo entity
shampoo event
shampoo work
shampoo better
shampoo change
shampoo cleanse
shampoo groom
shampoo wash
shanghai kidnap
shanghai seize
shanghai take
shank cut
shank entity
shank food
shank matter
shank meat
shank solid
shank entity
shank part
shank thing
shank abstraction
shank attribute
shank cylinder
shank entity
shank shape
shank abstraction
shank attribute
shank cylinder
shank entity
shank shape
shank abstraction
shank attribute
shank cylinder
shank entity
shank shape
shank entity
shank object
shank part
shank abstraction
shank act
shank action
shank change
shank entity
shank event
shank maneuver
shank motion
shank stroke
shank hit
shank move
shape abstraction
shape attribute
shape entity
shape property
shape abstraction
shape attribute
shape entity
shape abstraction
shape cognition
shape content
shape entity
shape representation
shape make
shape change
shaping entity
shaping process
shard entity
shard object
shard part
shard piece
share abstraction
share assets
share entity
share possession
share relation
share abstraction
share communication
share document
share entity
share security
share writing
share coexist
share coincide
share exist
share overlap
share use
share distribute
share give
share act
share communicate
share interact
sharecropper employee
sharecropper entity
sharecropper laborer
sharecropper object
sharecropper organism
sharecropper person
sharecropper whole
sharecropper worker
sharecropper workman
shark animal
shark entity
shark fish
shark object
shark organism
shark vertebrate
shark whole
shark entity
shark object
shark organism
shark person
shark whole
shark entity
shark expert
shark object
shark organism
shark person
shark whole
shark act
shark cheat
shark deceive
shark interact
shark treat
shark wrong
shark catch
shark fish
shark seize
shark take
sharp abstraction
sharp communication
sharp entity
sharp notation
sharp writing
sharp artifact
sharp entity
sharp implement
sharp instrumentality
sharp needle
sharp object
sharp whole
sharpen change
sharpen increase
sharpen intensify
sharpen change
sharpen increase
sharpen intensify
sharpen change
sharpen increase
sharpen intensify
sharpness abstraction
sharpness attribute
sharpness entity
sharpness quality
sharpness abstraction
sharpness attribute
sharpness entity
sharpness property
sharpness shape
shatter break
shatter burst
shatter change
shatter damage
shatter break
shatter separate
shave abstraction
shave act
shave action
shave change
shave cleaning
shave entity
shave event
shave improvement
shave better
shave change
shave groom
shave change
shave cut
shave shorten
shave change
shave decrease
shave reduce
shave carve
shave cut
shave move
shave separate
shave brush
shave graze
shave touch
shawl artifact
shawl cloak
shawl clothing
shawl commodity
shawl covering
shawl entity
shawl garment
shawl object
shawl whole
shear abstraction
shear change
shear deformation
shear entity
shear event
shear happening
shear artifact
shear cutter
shear entity
shear implement
shear instrumentality
shear object
shear tool
shear whole
shear change
shear decrease
shear reduce
shear snip
shear cut
shear move
shear separate
shear change
shearer employee
shearer entity
shearer object
shearer organism
shearer person
shearer whole
shearer worker
shearer workman
shearer entity
shearer object
shearer organism
shearer person
shearer whole
shearer worker
sheath artifact
sheath covering
sheath entity
sheath object
sheath whole
sheath covering
sheath entity
sheath object
sheath whole
shed artifact
shed building
shed entity
shed object
shed structure
shed whole
shed remove
shed shed
shedding entity
shedding process
sheep animal
sheep entity
sheep mammal
sheep object
sheep organism
sheep vertebrate
sheep whole
sheep entity
sheep object
sheep organism
sheep person
sheep simpleton
sheep whole
sheep entity
sheep follower
sheep object
sheep organism
sheep person
sheep whole
sheer control
sheer steer
sheet abstraction
sheet attribute
sheet entity
sheet expanse
sheet location
sheet object
sheet shape
sheet space
sheet abstraction
sheet entity
sheet material
sheet matter
sheet paper
sheet part
sheet relation
sheet substance
sheet artifact
sheet commodity
sheet entity
sheet linen
sheet object
sheet whole
sheet artifact
sheet entity
sheet object
sheet whole
sheet artifact
sheet entity
sheet line
sheet object
sheet whole
sheet pour
sheet precipitate
sheet rain
sheet cover
shelf artifact
shelf device
shelf entity
shelf instrumentality
shelf object
shelf support
shelf whole
shell ammunition
shell artifact
shell entity
shell instrumentality
shell object
shell weaponry
shell whole
shell abstraction
shell entity
shell material
shell matter
shell part
shell relation
shell substance
shell covering
shell entity
shell hull
shell husk
shell object
shell sheath
shell whole
shell covering
shell entity
shell object
shell whole
shell covering
shell entity
shell object
shell whole
shell artifact
shell boat
shell conveyance
shell craft
shell entity
shell instrumentality
shell object
shell vehicle
shell vessel
shell whole
shell artifact
shell covering
shell entity
shell housing
shell object
shell whole
shell covering
shell entity
shell object
shell whole
shell appear
shell emerge
shell hit
shell move
shell gather
shell search
shell remove
shellfish entity
shellfish food
shellfish matter
shellfish seafood
shellfish solid
shelter artifact
shelter entity
shelter object
shelter structure
shelter whole
shelter artifact
shelter covering
shelter entity
shelter object
shelter whole
shelter artifact
shelter entity
shelter housing
shelter object
shelter structure
shelter whole
shelter give
shelter supply
shelter transfer
shelter give
shelter invest
shelter pay
shelter spend
shelter transfer
shepherd clergyman
shepherd entity
shepherd leader
shepherd object
shepherd organism
shepherd person
shepherd whole
shepherd defend
shepherd guard
shepherd prevent
shepherd protect
shepherd attend
shepherd care
shepherd help
shepherd support
shepherd tend
sheriff defender
sheriff entity
sheriff object
sheriff organism
sheriff person
sheriff whole
sherry abstraction
sherry agent
sherry alcohol
sherry beverage
sherry drug
sherry entity
sherry fluid
sherry food
sherry liquid
sherry matter
sherry part
sherry relation
sherry substance
sherry wine
shield artifact
shield covering
shield entity
shield object
shield whole
shield armor
shield artifact
shield covering
shield entity
shield object
shield whole
shield defend
shield prevent
shield protect
shift abstraction
shift entity
shift event
shift happening
shift movement
shift translation
shift abstraction
shift entity
shift measure
shift abstraction
shift act
shift action
shift change
shift entity
shift event
shift motion
shift abstraction
shift entity
shift gang
shift group
shift organization
shift unit
shift move
shift change
shift substitute
shift act
shift communicate
shift interact
shift type
shift write
shift change
shift switch
shiftiness abstraction
shiftiness attribute
shiftiness entity
shiftiness quality
shilling abstraction
shilling coinage
shilling coin
shilling currency
shilling entity
shilling measure
shilling standard
shin entity
shin part
shin thing
shin cut
shin entity
shin food
shin matter
shin meat
shin solid
shin abstraction
shin character
shin communication
shin entity
shin letter
shin signal
shin symbol
shindig abstraction
shindig entity
shindig gathering
shindig group
shindig party
shine be
shingle artifact
shingle entity
shingle object
shingle whole
shingle abstraction
shingle entity
shingle gravel
shingle material
shingle matter
shingle part
shingle relation
shingle rock
shingle substance
shingle artifact
shingle entity
shingle object
shingle structure
shingle whole
shingle cover
shingle roof
shining abstraction
shining act
shining activity
shining entity
shining event
shining work
ship artifact
ship conveyance
ship craft
ship entity
ship instrumentality
ship object
ship vehicle
ship vessel
ship whole
ship hire
ship travel
ship move
ship put
shipbuilding abstraction
shipbuilding act
shipbuilding activity
shipbuilding construction
shipbuilding creation
shipbuilding entity
shipbuilding event
shipping artifact
shipping conveyance
shipping entity
shipping instrumentality
shipping object
shipping whole
shipwreck artifact
shipwreck conveyance
shipwreck craft
shipwreck entity
shipwreck instrumentality
shipwreck object
shipwreck ship
shipwreck vehicle
shipwreck vessel
shipwreck whole
shipwreck abstraction
shipwreck destruction
shipwreck ending
shipwreck entity
shipwreck event
shipwreck happening
shipwreck ruin
shipwreck abstraction
shipwreck accident
shipwreck entity
shipwreck event
shipwreck happening
shipwreck misfortune
shipwreck mishap
shipwreck trouble
shipwreck prevent
shipwreck ruin
shipwreck fail
shipwreck affect
shipwreck change
shipwreck subject
shipwreck destroy
shipyard entity
shipyard location
shipyard object
shipyard point
shipyard workplace
shirt artifact
shirt clothing
shirt commodity
shirt covering
shirt entity
shirt garment
shirt object
shirt whole
shirt change
shirt dress
shit defecation
shit discharge
shit elimination
shit entity
shit process
shiver move
shock abstraction
shock act
shock conflict
shock entity
shock event
shock fight
shock abstraction
shock attribute
shock collapse
shock condition
shock entity
shock illness
shock state
shock earthquake
shock entity
shock phenomenon
shock process
shock abstraction
shock change
shock entity
shock event
shock happening
shock surprise
shock abstraction
shock collection
shock entity
shock group
shock pile
shock abstraction
shock collection
shock entity
shock group
shock mass
shock affect
shock surprise
shock disgust
shock repel
shock arouse
shock dismay
shock frighten
shock make
shock stimulate
shock collide
shock hit
shock touch
shock gather
shock treat
shocker entity
shocker object
shocker organism
shocker person
shocker whole
shocker abstraction
shocker communication
shocker entity
shocker message
shoddy abstraction
shoddy entity
shoddy fiber
shoddy material
shoddy matter
shoddy part
shoddy relation
shoddy substance
shoddy wool
shoe artifact
shoe covering
shoe entity
shoe footwear
shoe object
shoe whole
shoe artifact
shoe case
shoe container
shoe entity
shoe instrumentality
shoe object
shoe whole
shoe change
shoe dress
shoelace artifact
shoelace cord
shoelace entity
shoelace lace
shoelace line
shoelace object
shoelace whole
shogun dictator
shogun entity
shogun inhabitant
shogun object
shogun organism
shogun person
shogun ruler
shogun whole
shoot entity
shoot object
shoot sprout
shoot whole
shoot abstraction
shoot act
shoot entity
shoot event
shoot propulsion
shoot shooting
shoot change
shoot hurt
shoot injure
shoot kill
shoot move
shoot project
shoot send
shoot hit
shoot move
shoot emit
shoot ache
shoot change
shoot twist
shoot weave
shoot move
shoot throw
shoot transmit
shoot turn
shoot gain
shoot score
shoot utter
shoot decide
shoot measure
shoot change
shoot develop
shoot grow
shoot increase
shooter entity
shooter gambler
shooter object
shooter organism
shooter person
shooter whole
shooter contestant
shooter entity
shooter object
shooter organism
shooter person
shooter player
shooter whole
shooting abstraction
shooting act
shooting entity
shooting event
shooting propulsion
shooting abstraction
shooting act
shooting action
shooting change
shooting entity
shooting event
shooting homicide
shooting killing
shooting termination
shop artifact
shop entity
shop establishment
shop object
shop structure
shop whole
shop get
shop obtain
shop search
shopper consumer
shopper customer
shopper entity
shopper object
shopper organism
shopper person
shopper user
shopper whole
shopper agent
shopper entity
shopper negotiator
shopper object
shopper organism
shopper person
shopper representative
shopper whole
shopping abstraction
shopping acquisition
shopping act
shopping entity
shopping event
shopping purchase
shopping artifact
shopping commodity
shopping entity
shopping object
shopping whole
shore entity
shore object
shore artifact
shore beam
shore device
shore entity
shore instrumentality
shore object
shore part
shore piece
shore support
shore whole
shore bound
shore enclose
shore hold
shore include
shoreline boundary
shoreline entity
shoreline extremity
shoreline location
shoreline object
shoreline region
short entity
short location
short object
short region
short tract
shortcut artifact
shortcut entity
shortcut object
shortcut road
shortcut way
shortcut whole
shorten change
shorten decrease
shorten reduce
shorten change
shorten decrease
shortening abstraction
shortening chemical
shortening compound
shortening entity
shortening fat
shortening lipid
shortening material
shortening matter
shortening molecule
shortening part
shortening relation
shortening substance
shortening thing
shortening unit
shortening abstraction
shortening act
shortening action
shortening change
shortening decrease
shortening entity
shortening event
shortness abstraction
shortness attribute
shortness dimension
shortness entity
shortness length
shortness magnitude
shortness measure
shortness property
shortness abstraction
shortness attribute
shortness condition
shortness entity
shortness lack
shortness need
shortness state
shortness abstraction
shortness attribute
shortness dimension
shortness entity
shortness height
shortness magnitude
shortness property
shortness abstraction
shortness attribute
shortness duration
shortness entity
shortness property
shortness abstraction
shortness attribute
shortness entity
shortness property
shortness stature
shot artifact
shot device
shot entity
shot instrumentality
shot instrument
shot object
shot projectile
shot weapon
shot whole
shot abstraction
shot attribute
shot being
shot entity
shot opportunity
shot possibility
shot state
shot entity
shot expert
shot object
shot organism
shot person
shot whole
shot abstraction
shot communication
shot entity
shot message
shot remark
shot statement
shot artifact
shot entity
shot equipment
shot instrumentality
shot object
shot whole
shot abstraction
shot charge
shot chemical
shot entity
shot explosive
shot material
shot matter
shot part
shot relation
shot substance
shot abstraction
shot act
shot action
shot blow
shot change
shot entity
shot event
shot motion
shot stroke
shot abstraction
shot act
shot activity
shot attempt
shot entity
shot event
shot abstraction
shot act
shot activity
shot attempt
shot entity
shot event
shotgun artifact
shotgun device
shotgun entity
shotgun gun
shotgun instrumentality
shotgun instrument
shotgun object
shotgun weapon
shotgun whole
shoulder entity
shoulder part
shoulder thing
shoulder cut
shoulder entity
shoulder food
shoulder matter
shoulder meat
shoulder solid
shoulder entity
shoulder joint
shoulder part
shoulder thing
shoulder artifact
shoulder covering
shoulder entity
shoulder object
shoulder whole
shoulder boundary
shoulder edge
shoulder entity
shoulder extremity
shoulder limit
shoulder location
shoulder object
shoulder region
shoulder move
shoulder raise
shoulder move
shoulder push
shoulder thrust
shoulder move
shoulder transport
shout act
shout communicate
shout interact
shout talk
shout utter
shove abstraction
shove act
shove entity
shove event
shove propulsion
shove push
shove move
shove push
shovel artifact
shovel entity
shovel implement
shovel instrumentality
shovel object
shovel tool
shovel whole
shovel abstraction
shovel entity
shovel measure
shovel artifact
shovel entity
shovel implement
shovel instrumentality
shovel object
shovel whole
shovel dig
shovel remove
show abstraction
show act
show activity
show diversion
show entertainment
show entity
show event
show abstraction
show entity
show event
show show
show appear
show act
show communicate
show indicate
show inform
show interact
show read
show compete
show race
showcase abstraction
showcase attribute
showcase entity
showcase environment
showcase setting
showcase situation
showcase state
shower artifact
shower entity
shower fixture
shower object
shower whole
shower abstraction
shower act
shower action
shower activity
shower change
shower cleaning
shower entity
shower event
shower improvement
shower wash
shower work
shower entity
shower phenomenon
shower precipitation
shower process
shower rain
shower weather
shower abstraction
shower descent
shower entity
shower event
shower happening
shower movement
shower abstraction
shower entity
shower gathering
shower group
shower party
shower discharge
shower scatter
shower spray
shower spread
shower bathe
shower better
shower change
shower cleanse
shower groom
shower precipitate
shower rain
shower give
shower provide
shower transfer
showmanship ability
showmanship abstraction
showmanship cognition
showmanship entity
showmanship skill
showroom area
showroom artifact
showroom entity
showroom object
showroom structure
showroom whole
shred abstraction
shred entity
shred measure
shred move
shred separate
shred tear
shrew entity
shrew object
shrew organism
shrew person
shrew whole
shrew animal
shrew entity
shrew mammal
shrew object
shrew organism
shrew vertebrate
shrew whole
shrimp animal
shrimp crustacean
shrimp entity
shrimp invertebrate
shrimp object
shrimp organism
shrimp whole
shrimp catch
shrimp fish
shrimp seize
shrimp take
shrine artifact
shrine building
shrine entity
shrine object
shrine structure
shrine whole
shrink change
shrink decrease
shrink change
shrink decrease
shrink change
shrink decrease
shrinkage abstraction
shrinkage amount
shrinkage attribute
shrinkage decrease
shrinkage entity
shrinkage magnitude
shrinkage property
shrinking abstraction
shrinking change
shrinking decrease
shrinking entity
shrinking event
shrinking happening
shrinking abstraction
shrinking act
shrinking action
shrinking change
shrinking decrease
shrinking entity
shrinking event
shroud artifact
shroud entity
shroud line
shroud object
shroud whole
shroud cover
shroud envelop
shroud cover
shroud touch
shroud cover
shroud wrap
shrub entity
shrub object
shrub organism
shrub plant
shrub whole
shrubbery area
shrubbery entity
shrubbery location
shrubbery object
shrubbery region
shrubbery abstraction
shrubbery collection
shrubbery entity
shrubbery group
shrubbery vegetation
shuck remove
shuffle abstraction
shuffle act
shuffle activity
shuffle arrangement
shuffle creation
shuffle entity
shuffle event
shuffle rearrangement
shuffle travel
shuffle walk
shuffle move
shuffle transfer
shuffle handle
shuffle manipulate
shuffle touch
shun avoid
shush control
shush forget
shush hush
shush inhibit
shush restrain
shush suppress
shutter artifact
shutter device
shutter entity
shutter instrumentality
shutter mechanism
shutter object
shutter whole
shutter artifact
shutter blind
shutter covering
shutter entity
shutter object
shutter whole
shutter close
shuttle artifact
shuttle conveyance
shuttle entity
shuttle instrumentality
shuttle object
shuttle whole
shuttle artifact
shuttle device
shuttle entity
shuttle instrumentality
shuttle mechanism
shuttle object
shuttle whole
shuttle travel
shy abstraction
shy act
shy entity
shy event
shy propulsion
shy throw
shy move
shy throw
shyness abstraction
shyness attribute
shyness emotion
shyness entity
shyness fear
shyness feeling
shyness state
shyness timidity
sibling entity
sibling object
sibling organism
sibling person
sibling relative
sibling whole
sick abstraction
sick entity
sick group
sick people
sickle artifact
sickle cutter
sickle entity
sickle implement
sickle instrumentality
sickle object
sickle tool
sickle whole
sickness abstraction
sickness attribute
sickness defectiveness
sickness entity
sickness imperfection
sickness state
side entity
side location
side object
side region
side abstraction
side entity
side group
side organization
side unit
side area
side entity
side part
side thing
side boundary
side entity
side extremity
side location
side object
side region
side surface
side artifact
side entity
side object
side surface
side whole
side abstraction
side aspect
side cognition
side concept
side content
side entity
side feature
side idea
side property
side entity
side line
side location
side object
side abstraction
side entity
side genealogy
side group
side kin
side lineage
side cut
side entity
side food
side matter
side meat
side solid
side abstraction
side communication
side entity
side message
side opinion
side align
side evaluate
side stand
side think
sideline abstraction
sideline communication
sideline entity
sideline indication
sideline line
sideline mark
sideline artifact
sideline commodity
sideline entity
sideline line
sideline merchandise
sideline object
sideline whole
sideline appoint
sideline delegate
sideline demote
siding artifact
siding entity
siding object
siding track
siding whole
siding artifact
siding entity
siding object
siding whole
siege abstraction
siege act
siege blockade
siege entity
siege event
sierra animal
sierra entity
sierra fish
sierra mackerel
sierra object
sierra organism
sierra vertebrate
sierra whole
sieve artifact
sieve device
sieve entity
sieve filter
sieve instrumentality
sieve object
sieve strainer
sieve whole
sieve analyze
sieve choose
sieve decide
sight abstraction
sight cognition
sight content
sight entity
sight representation
sight abstraction
sight communication
sight display
sight entity
sight ability
sight abstraction
sight cognition
sight entity
sight faculty
sight sense
sight sensitivity
sight abstraction
sight attitude
sight cognition
sight entity
sight orientation
sight position
sight ability
sight abstraction
sight aptitude
sight capability
sight cognition
sight compass
sight entity
sight aim
sight move
sight position
sight put
sighting abstraction
sighting act
sighting activity
sighting entity
sighting event
sighting look
sighting observation
sightsee travel
sightseeing abstraction
sightseeing act
sightseeing activity
sightseeing entity
sightseeing event
sightseeing look
sightseer entity
sightseer object
sightseer organism
sightseer person
sightseer tourist
sightseer traveler
sightseer whole
sigma abstraction
sigma character
sigma communication
sigma entity
sigma letter
sigma signal
sigma symbol
sign abstraction
sign clue
sign communication
sign entity
sign evidence
sign indication
sign abstraction
sign communication
sign entity
sign abstraction
sign cognition
sign entity
sign evidence
sign information
sign abstraction
sign communication
sign entity
sign gesture
sign abstraction
sign entity
sign part
sign relation
sign abstraction
sign communication
sign entity
sign notation
sign writing
sign act
sign communicate
sign interact
sign write
sign accept
sign act
sign authorize
sign permit
sign react
sign validate
sign contract
sign declare
sign express
sign promise
sign state
sign hire
sign act
sign communicate
sign interact
sign move
sign put
sign act
sign communicate
sign interact
signal abstraction
signal communication
signal entity
signal abstraction
signal entity
signal motivation
signal electricity
signal energy
signal entity
signal phenomenon
signal process
signature abstraction
signature entity
signature name
signature part
signature relation
signature abstraction
signature communication
signature entity
signature music
signature tune
signature abstraction
signature entity
signature material
signature matter
signature paper
signature part
signature relation
signature sheet
signature substance
significance abstraction
significance attribute
significance entity
significance importance
significance quality
significance value
significance worth
significance abstraction
significance cognition
significance content
significance entity
significance idea
significance meaning
signify act
signify communicate
signify convey
signify impart
signify inform
signify interact
signify mean
signify tell
signify act
signify communicate
signify indicate
signify inform
signify interact
silence abstraction
silence attribute
silence condition
silence entity
silence state
silence abstraction
silence attribute
silence entity
silence property
silence control
silence forget
silence inhibit
silence restrain
silence suppress
silhouette boundary
silhouette entity
silhouette extremity
silhouette location
silhouette object
silhouette outline
silhouette region
silhouette artifact
silhouette creation
silhouette drawing
silhouette entity
silhouette object
silhouette representation
silhouette whole
silhouette project
silhouette show
silhouette make
silhouette represent
silica abstraction
silica chemical
silica compound
silica entity
silica material
silica matter
silica oxide
silica part
silica relation
silica substance
silicon abstraction
silicon conductor
silicon entity
silicon material
silicon matter
silicon part
silicon relation
silicon semiconductor
silicon substance
silicone abstraction
silicone chemical
silicone compound
silicone entity
silicone material
silicone matter
silicone part
silicone polymer
silicone relation
silicone substance
silk artifact
silk entity
silk fabric
silk object
silk whole
silk abstraction
silk entity
silk fiber
silk material
silk matter
silk part
silk relation
silk substance
silkworm animal
silkworm caterpillar
silkworm entity
silkworm larva
silkworm object
silkworm organism
silkworm whole
silkworm animal
silkworm caterpillar
silkworm entity
silkworm larva
silkworm object
silkworm organism
silkworm whole
sill artifact
sill device
sill entity
sill instrumentality
sill object
sill support
sill whole
sill entity
sill object
sill rock
sill whole
silly child
silly entity
silly juvenile
silly object
silly organism
silly person
silly whole
silo artifact
silo entity
silo object
silo structure
silo tower
silo whole
silo artifact
silo entity
silo facility
silo object
silo whole
silt abstraction
silt earth
silt entity
silt material
silt matter
silt part
silt relation
silt soil
silt substance
silver abstraction
silver conductor
silver entity
silver material
silver matter
silver part
silver relation
silver substance
silver abstraction
silver assets
silver entity
silver possession
silver relation
silver treasure
silver valuable
silver wealth
silver coat
silver cover
silver plate
silver change
silver color
silver change
silversmith creator
silversmith entity
silversmith maker
silversmith object
silversmith organism
silversmith person
silversmith whole
similarity abstraction
similarity attribute
similarity entity
similarity quality
similarity sameness
similarity abstraction
similarity cognition
similarity concept
similarity content
similarity entity
similarity idea
similarity law
similarity principle
simile abstraction
simile communication
simile device
simile entity
simple entity
simple herb
simple object
simple organism
simple plant
simple whole
simpleton entity
simpleton object
simpleton organism
simpleton person
simpleton whole
simplicity abstraction
simplicity attribute
simplicity entity
simplicity quality
simplicity abstraction
simplicity attribute
simplicity entity
simplicity quality
simplicity abstraction
simplicity attribute
simplicity entity
simplicity quality
simplification abstraction
simplification communication
simplification entity
simplification explanation
simplification message
simplification statement
simplification abstraction
simplification act
simplification action
simplification change
simplification elimination
simplification entity
simplification event
simplification removal
simplification separation
simplify change
simulation abstraction
simulation act
simulation activity
simulation entity
simulation event
simulation model
simulation representation
simulation ability
simulation abstraction
simulation cognition
simulation concept
simulation content
simulation entity
simulation hypothesis
simulation idea
simulation method
simulation model
simulation technique
simulator artifact
simulator device
simulator entity
simulator instrumentality
simulator machine
simulator object
simulator whole
sin abstraction
sin attribute
sin entity
sin immorality
sin quality
sin abstraction
sin act
sin activity
sin entity
sin event
sin transgression
sin abstraction
sin character
sin communication
sin entity
sin letter
sin signal
sin symbol
sin abstraction
sin act
sin activity
sin entity
sin event
sin act
sin interact
sin relate
sincerity abstraction
sincerity attribute
sincerity entity
sincerity honesty
sincerity morality
sincerity quality
sincerity righteousness
sincerity truthfulness
sincerity abstraction
sincerity attribute
sincerity entity
sincerity quality
sing act
sing communicate
sing interact
sing interpret
sing perform
sing sing
sing talk
sing act
sing communicate
sing interact
sing talk
sing utter
singe burn
singe change
singe damage
singer entertainer
singer entity
singer musician
singer object
singer organism
singer performer
singer person
singer whole
singing abstraction
singing act
singing activity
singing cognition
singing content
singing discipline
singing diversion
singing entertainment
singing entity
singing event
singing music
singing performance
singing presentation
singing show
single abstraction
single accomplishment
single act
single action
single entity
single event
single feat
single hit
single move
singles abstraction
singles act
singles activity
singles badminton
singles diversion
singles entity
singles event
singles game
singles sport
singles abstraction
singles act
singles activity
singles diversion
singles entity
singles event
singles game
singles sport
singles tennis
singular abstraction
singular entity
singular form
singular part
singular relation
singular word
singularity abstraction
singularity attribute
singularity entity
singularity individuality
singularity trait
singularity abstraction
singularity attribute
singularity entity
singularity quality
sink artifact
sink entity
sink fixture
sink object
sink whole
sink entity
sink process
sink change
sink move
sink change
sink move
sink descend
sink travel
sink descend
sink travel
sinker artifact
sinker entity
sinker object
sinker weight
sinker whole
sinker abstraction
sinker act
sinker entity
sinker event
sinker pitch
sinker propulsion
sinker throw
sinking abstraction
sinking descent
sinking entity
sinking event
sinking happening
sinking movement
sinking abstraction
sinking change
sinking decrease
sinking entity
sinking event
sinking happening
sinking abstraction
sinking anxiety
sinking attribute
sinking emotion
sinking entity
sinking feeling
sinking state
sinner entity
sinner object
sinner organism
sinner person
sinner whole
sinus cavity
sinus entity
sinus part
sinus structure
sinus thing
sip consumption
sip entity
sip process
sip swallow
sip consume
sip drink
siphon artifact
siphon conduit
siphon entity
siphon object
siphon passage
siphon tube
siphon way
siphon whole
siphon entity
siphon organ
siphon part
siphon thing
siphon draw
siphon remove
siphon move
siphon put
sir adult
sir entity
sir male
sir man
sir object
sir organism
sir person
sir whole
sir aristocrat
sir entity
sir leader
sir object
sir organism
sir person
sir whole
siren abstraction
siren belief
siren cognition
siren content
siren deity
siren entity
siren nymph
siren abstraction
siren alarm
siren communication
siren entity
siren signal
siren alarm
siren artifact
siren device
siren entity
siren instrumentality
siren object
siren whole
siren amphibian
siren animal
siren entity
siren object
siren organism
siren salamander
siren vertebrate
siren whole
sissy coward
sissy entity
sissy object
sissy organism
sissy person
sissy whole
sister entity
sister object
sister organism
sister person
sister relative
sister whole
sister entity
sister nun
sister object
sister organism
sister person
sister religious
sister whole
sister associate
sister entity
sister member
sister object
sister organism
sister peer
sister person
sister whole
sit be
sit act
sit convene
sit interact
sit meet
sit be
sit serve
sit work
site entity
site location
site object
site region
site tract
site entity
site location
site object
site point
site position
sitter entity
sitter object
sitter organism
sitter whole
sitting abstraction
sitting act
sitting action
sitting change
sitting entity
sitting event
sitting motion
sitting abstraction
sitting act
sitting action
sitting change
sitting entity
sitting event
sitting motion
sitting abstraction
sitting communication
sitting conference
sitting discussion
sitting entity
sitting session
sitting speech
situate determine
situate move
situate put
situation abstraction
situation attribute
situation entity
situation state
situation abstraction
situation attribute
situation condition
situation entity
situation state
situation abstraction
situation attribute
situation condition
situation difficulty
situation entity
situation state
six abstraction
six digit
six entity
six integer
six measure
six number
sixteen abstraction
sixteen entity
sixteen integer
sixteen measure
sixteen number
sixteenth abstraction
sixteenth attribute
sixteenth entity
sixteenth rank
sixteenth state
sixteenth status
sixth abstraction
sixth attribute
sixth entity
sixth rank
sixth state
sixth status
sixth abstraction
sixth communication
sixth entity
sixth interval
sixth notation
sixth writing
sixties abstraction
sixties decade
sixties entity
sixties measure
sixties abstraction
sixties entity
sixties measure
sixty abstraction
sixty entity
sixty integer
sixty measure
sixty number
size abstraction
size attribute
size entity
size magnitude
size property
size abstraction
size attribute
size entity
size property
size abstraction
size entity
size filler
size material
size matter
size part
size relation
size substance
size abstraction
size attribute
size entity
size situation
size state
size abstraction
size attribute
size entity
size magnitude
size property
size coat
size cover
size categorize
size classify
size reason
size think
size change
skate artifact
skate entity
skate equipment
skate instrumentality
skate object
skate whole
skate animal
skate entity
skate fish
skate object
skate organism
skate ray
skate vertebrate
skate whole
skate glide
skate travel
skateboard artifact
skateboard board
skateboard container
skateboard conveyance
skateboard entity
skateboard instrumentality
skateboard object
skateboard sheet
skateboard vehicle
skateboard whole
skateboard glide
skateboard skate
skateboard travel
skater athlete
skater contestant
skater entity
skater object
skater organism
skater person
skater whole
skating abstraction
skating act
skating activity
skating diversion
skating entity
skating event
skating sport
skeet abstraction
skeet act
skeet entity
skeet event
skeet propulsion
skeet shooting
skeet shoot
skeleton abstraction
skeleton entity
skeleton limit
skeleton measure
skeleton minimum
skeleton abstraction
skeleton entity
skeleton event
skeleton happening
skeleton scandal
skeleton trouble
skeleton artifact
skeleton entity
skeleton object
skeleton structure
skeleton whole
skeptic entity
skeptic intellectual
skeptic object
skeptic organism
skeptic person
skeptic whole
sketch artifact
sketch creation
sketch drawing
sketch entity
sketch object
sketch representation
sketch whole
sketch abstraction
sketch act
sketch description
sketch entity
sketch event
sketch abstraction
sketch communication
sketch entity
sketch message
sketch statement
sketch summary
sketch draw
sketch make
sketch represent
sketch act
sketch clarify
sketch communicate
sketch describe
sketch elaborate
sketch explain
sketch inform
sketch interact
sketchbook artifact
sketchbook book
sketchbook creation
sketchbook entity
sketchbook object
sketchbook product
sketchbook whole
skew change
skewer artifact
skewer device
skewer entity
skewer fastener
skewer instrumentality
skewer object
skewer pin
skewer restraint
skewer whole
skewer enter
skewer penetrate
skewer pierce
skewer pin
ski artifact
ski device
ski entity
ski instrumentality
ski object
ski runner
ski whole
ski travel
skid artifact
skid board
skid entity
skid lumber
skid object
skid whole
skid abstraction
skid act
skid action
skid change
skid entity
skid event
skid motion
skid slide
skid glide
skid skid
skid travel
skid move
skid raise
skid brake
skid stop
skid glide
skid travel
skiing abstraction
skiing act
skiing activity
skiing diversion
skiing entity
skiing event
skiing sport
skill ability
skill abstraction
skill cognition
skill entity
skill ability
skill abstraction
skill cognition
skill entity
skillfulness abstraction
skillfulness attribute
skillfulness entity
skillfulness state
skim covering
skim entity
skim object
skim whole
skim abstraction
skim cognition
skim entity
skim process
skim reading
skim move
skim throw
skim coat
skim cover
skim remove
skim interpret
skim read
skim understand
skimmer entity
skimmer literate
skimmer object
skimmer organism
skimmer person
skimmer reader
skimmer whole
skimmer artifact
skimmer entity
skimmer implement
skimmer instrumentality
skimmer object
skimmer utensil
skimmer whole
skimmer animal
skimmer bird
skimmer entity
skimmer object
skimmer organism
skimmer seabird
skimmer vertebrate
skimmer whole
skin covering
skin entity
skin object
skin part
skin thing
skin tissue
skin whole
skin artifact
skin entity
skin object
skin surface
skin whole
skin abstraction
skin animation
skin attribute
skin being
skin entity
skin state
skin artifact
skin bag
skin container
skin entity
skin instrumentality
skin object
skin whole
skin change
skin hurt
skin injure
skin remove
skin strip
skinny abstraction
skinny communication
skinny entity
skinny information
skinny message
skip abstraction
skip act
skip action
skip change
skip entity
skip event
skip gait
skip locomotion
skip motion
skip walk
skip bounce
skip jump
skip move
skipper entity
skipper object
skipper organism
skipper person
skipper student
skipper whole
skipper work
skirmish contend
skirt artifact
skirt covering
skirt entity
skirt object
skirt whole
skirt artifact
skirt clothing
skirt commodity
skirt covering
skirt entity
skirt garment
skirt object
skirt whole
skirt travel
skirt bound
skirt enclose
skirt hold
skirt include
skit abstraction
skit act
skit acting
skit activity
skit cognition
skit content
skit discipline
skit entity
skit event
skull bone
skull entity
skull part
skull thing
skull tissue
skunk animal
skunk carnivore
skunk entity
skunk mammal
skunk object
skunk organism
skunk vertebrate
skunk whole
sky atmosphere
sky entity
sky fluid
sky gas
sky matter
skylark animal
skylark bird
skylark entity
skylark lark
skylark object
skylark organism
skylark vertebrate
skylark whole
skylight artifact
skylight entity
skylight framework
skylight object
skylight structure
skylight whole
skylight window
skyline boundary
skyline entity
skyline extremity
skyline location
skyline object
skyline outline
skyline region
skyscraper artifact
skyscraper building
skyscraper entity
skyscraper object
skyscraper structure
skyscraper whole
slab artifact
slab block
slab entity
slab object
slab whole
slack abstraction
slack debris
slack entity
slack material
slack matter
slack part
slack relation
slack rubbish
slack substance
slack waste
slack abstraction
slack attribute
slack entity
slack expanse
slack location
slack object
slack shape
slack space
slack stretch
slack abstraction
slack attribute
slack entity
slack mobility
slack quality
slack artifact
slack cord
slack entity
slack line
slack object
slack whole
slack avoid
slack fiddle
slack neglect
slack change
slack loosen
slack change
slack decrease
slack change
slack wet
slain abstraction
slain dead
slain entity
slain group
slain people
slam abstraction
slam ending
slam entity
slam event
slam happening
slam success
slam victory
slam abstraction
slam entity
slam event
slam happening
slam noise
slam sound
slam abstraction
slam contact
slam entity
slam event
slam happening
slam impact
slam close
slam hit
slam touch
slam move
slam throw
slander abstraction
slander act
slander communication
slander defamation
slander entity
slander event
slander message
slang abstraction
slang communication
slang entity
slang speech
slang abstraction
slang communication
slang entity
slang speech
slang act
slang communicate
slang interact
slang speak
slang abuse
slang attack
slang comment
slang express
slang knock
slang note
slang state
slant abstraction
slant attitude
slant cognition
slant entity
slant position
slant be
slant lie
slant affect
slant bias
slant change
slant influence
slant prejudice
slap abstraction
slap blow
slap contact
slap entity
slap event
slap happening
slap impact
slap strike
slap touch
slapstick abstraction
slapstick comedy
slapstick communication
slapstick drama
slapstick entity
slapstick artifact
slapstick device
slapstick entity
slapstick instrumentality
slapstick object
slapstick whole
slash entity
slash land
slash object
slash abstraction
slash act
slash action
slash change
slash cut
slash entity
slash event
slash opening
slash cut
slash move
slash separate
slash cut
slash move
slash separate
slash change
slash decrease
slash reduce
slat artifact
slat entity
slat lumber
slat object
slat strip
slat whole
slat give
slat supply
slat transfer
slat close
slate artifact
slate block
slate entity
slate object
slate slab
slate tablet
slate whole
slate artifact
slate entity
slate object
slate whole
slate abstraction
slate entity
slate material
slate matter
slate part
slate relation
slate rock
slate substance
slate abstraction
slate communication
slate database
slate entity
slate information
slate list
slate message
slate intend
slate plan
slate think
slate campaign
slate compete
slate race
slate cover
slate roof
slaughter abstraction
slaughter act
slaughter action
slaughter change
slaughter entity
slaughter event
slaughter killing
slaughter termination
slaughter abstraction
slaughter act
slaughter action
slaughter change
slaughter entity
slaughter event
slaughter homicide
slaughter killing
slaughter murder
slaughter termination
slave entity
slave object
slave organism
slave person
slave whole
slave entity
slave object
slave organism
slave person
slave whole
slave worker
slave entity
slave object
slave organism
slave person
slave whole
slave work
slaveholder entity
slaveholder holder
slaveholder object
slaveholder organism
slaveholder owner
slaveholder person
slaveholder whole
slaver entity
slaver object
slaver organism
slaver person
slaver whole
slavery abstraction
slavery act
slavery activity
slavery entity
slavery event
slavery practice
slavery abstraction
slavery act
slavery activity
slavery entity
slavery event
slavery labor
slavery work
sled artifact
sled conveyance
sled entity
sled instrumentality
sled object
sled vehicle
sled whole
sled ride
sled travel
sledge move
sledge transport
sledge travel
sleekness abstraction
sleekness appearance
sleekness attribute
sleekness entity
sleekness quality
sleep abstraction
sleep attribute
sleep condition
sleep entity
sleep state
sleep abstraction
sleep attribute
sleep condition
sleep entity
sleep state
sleep abstraction
sleep entity
sleep measure
sleep lie
sleep rest
sleep accommodate
sleeper entity
sleeper object
sleeper organism
sleeper person
sleeper whole
sleeper agent
sleeper destroyer
sleeper entity
sleeper negotiator
sleeper object
sleeper organism
sleeper person
sleeper radical
sleeper representative
sleeper spy
sleeper terrorist
sleeper whole
sleeper entity
sleeper object
sleeper organism
sleeper person
sleeper whole
sleeper artifact
sleeper clothing
sleeper commodity
sleeper covering
sleeper entity
sleeper object
sleeper whole
sleeper artifact
sleeper entity
sleeper furnishing
sleeper furniture
sleeper instrumentality
sleeper object
sleeper whole
sleeper animal
sleeper entity
sleeper fish
sleeper object
sleeper organism
sleeper vertebrate
sleeper whole
sleeper abstraction
sleeper accomplishment
sleeper act
sleeper action
sleeper attainment
sleeper entity
sleeper event
sleeper hit
sleeper success
sleepiness abstraction
sleepiness attribute
sleepiness entity
sleepiness state
sleeping abstraction
sleeping attribute
sleeping condition
sleeping entity
sleeping sleep
sleeping state
sleeping entity
sleeping process
sleeve artifact
sleeve covering
sleeve entity
sleeve object
sleeve whole
sleeve artifact
sleeve case
sleeve container
sleeve entity
sleeve instrumentality
sleeve object
sleeve whole
sleuth detective
sleuth entity
sleuth expert
sleuth investigator
sleuth object
sleuth organism
sleuth person
sleuth whole
slice abstraction
slice assets
slice entity
slice possession
slice relation
slice share
slice abstraction
slice act
slice action
slice change
slice entity
slice event
slice maneuver
slice motion
slice stroke
slice entity
slice part
slice thing
slice artifact
slice entity
slice implement
slice instrumentality
slice object
slice spatula
slice tool
slice whole
slice hit
slice move
slice cut
slice move
slice separate
slice attack
slice contend
slice strike
slick artifact
slick creation
slick entity
slick instrumentality
slick magazine
slick medium
slick object
slick press
slick product
slick publication
slick whole
slick work
slick entity
slick film
slick object
slick artifact
slick entity
slick implement
slick instrumentality
slick object
slick tool
slick trowel
slick whole
slick better
slick change
slick polish
slick better
slick change
slick comb
slick groom
slide artifact
slide entity
slide object
slide sheet
slide whole
slide abstraction
slide descent
slide entity
slide event
slide happening
slide movement
slide artifact
slide entity
slide object
slide plaything
slide whole
slide abstraction
slide act
slide action
slide change
slide entity
slide event
slide motion
slide artifact
slide creation
slide entity
slide foil
slide object
slide picture
slide representation
slide whole
slide move
slight dismiss
slight evaluate
slight reject
slight think
slime change
slime dirty
slinging abstraction
slinging act
slinging entity
slinging event
slinging propulsion
slinging throw
slingshot artifact
slingshot entity
slingshot object
slingshot plaything
slingshot whole
slip abstraction
slip act
slip entity
slip event
slip mistake
slip abstraction
slip clay
slip earth
slip entity
slip material
slip matter
slip part
slip relation
slip soil
slip substance
slip entity
slip juvenile
slip object
slip organism
slip person
slip whole
slip abstraction
slip entity
slip event
slip happening
slip misfortune
slip mishap
slip trouble
slip abstraction
slip entity
slip material
slip matter
slip paper
slip part
slip relation
slip sheet
slip substance
slip abstraction
slip act
slip entity
slip escape
slip evasion
slip event
slip maneuver
slip abstraction
slip act
slip entity
slip escape
slip evasion
slip event
slip insert
slip move
slip put
slip change
slip worsen
slip escape
slip flee
slip leave
slip scat
slip pass
slip transfer
slip move
slip forget
slipknot artifact
slipknot device
slipknot entity
slipknot fastener
slipknot instrumentality
slipknot knot
slipknot object
slipknot restraint
slipknot whole
slippage decrease
slippage entity
slippage process
slippage decline
slippage decrease
slippage entity
slippage process
slippage abstraction
slippage act
slippage action
slippage change
slippage entity
slippage event
slippage motion
slipper artifact
slipper covering
slipper entity
slipper footwear
slipper object
slipper whole
slit artifact
slit entity
slit object
slit opening
slit whole
slit abstraction
slit attribute
slit crack
slit entity
slit location
slit object
slit opening
slit shape
slit space
slit cut
slit move
slit separate
slit cut
slit move
slit separate
sliver change
sliver divide
sliver change
sliver shape
slop entity
slop feed
slop food
slop matter
slop substance
slop abstraction
slop earth
slop entity
slop material
slop matter
slop mud
slop part
slop relation
slop soil
slop substance
slop abstraction
slop entity
slop material
slop matter
slop part
slop relation
slop substance
slop waste
slop entity
slop food
slop matter
slop solid
slop remove
slop feed
slop give
slop provide
slop transfer
slope entity
slope object
slope bend
slope change
slope lean
slot abstraction
slot entity
slot position
slot relation
slot artifact
slot entity
slot object
slot opening
slot slit
slot whole
slot abstraction
slot attribute
slot entity
slot state
slot status
slot entity
slot line
slot location
slot object
slot path
slot trail
slot accessory
slot component
slot entity
slot fitting
slot object
slot part
slot receptacle
slot artifact
slot device
slot entity
slot instrumentality
slot machine
slot object
slot whole
slot plan
slot schedule
slot think
sloth abstraction
sloth attribute
sloth disposition
sloth entity
sloth nature
sloth reluctance
sloth trait
sloth unwillingness
sloth animal
sloth entity
sloth mammal
sloth object
sloth organism
sloth vertebrate
sloth whole
sloth abstraction
sloth act
sloth activity
sloth entity
sloth event
sloth sin
sloth transgression
slow change
slow decrease
slow weaken
slow change
slow decrease
slowdown abstraction
slowdown act
slowdown delay
slowdown entity
slowdown event
slowdown inactivity
sludge entity
sludge matter
sludge precipitate
sludge solid
sludge entity
sludge matter
slug abstraction
slug entity
slug measure
slug abstraction
slug coinage
slug coin
slug currency
slug entity
slug measure
slug standard
slug abstraction
slug agent
slug alcohol
slug beverage
slug drug
slug entity
slug fluid
slug food
slug liquid
slug matter
slug part
slug relation
slug substance
slug animal
slug entity
slug invertebrate
slug object
slug organism
slug whole
slug hit
slug touch
sluggishness abstraction
sluggishness attribute
sluggishness entity
sluggishness pace
sluggishness property
slum district
slum entity
slum location
slum object
slum region
slum spend
slumber abstraction
slumber attribute
slumber entity
slumber inaction
slumber state
slur abstraction
slur communication
slur entity
slur notation
slur writing
slur make
slur play
slur denote
slur mean
slur act
slur communicate
slur interact
slur talk
slush abstraction
slush chemical
slush compound
slush entity
slush fluid
slush liquid
slush material
slush matter
slush part
slush relation
slush substance
slush water
smack artifact
smack conveyance
smack craft
smack entity
smack instrumentality
smack object
smack vehicle
smack vessel
smack whole
smack abstraction
smack act
smack entity
smack event
smack kiss
smack touch
smack abstraction
smack act
smack action
smack blow
smack change
smack entity
smack event
smack motion
smack stroke
smack hit
smack touch
smack act
smack communicate
smack convey
smack express
smack impart
smack inform
smack interact
smack suggest
smack tell
smack taste
smack touch
smack utter
small entity
small part
small thing
small abstraction
small attribute
small entity
small property
small size
smallness abstraction
smallness attribute
smallness entity
smallness magnitude
smallness property
smallness size
smallness abstraction
smallness amount
smallness attribute
smallness entity
smallness magnitude
smallness property
smallness abstraction
smallness attribute
smallness entity
smallness property
smallness weakness
smallpox abstraction
smallpox attribute
smallpox condition
smallpox disease
smallpox entity
smallpox illness
smallpox pox
smallpox state
smart abstraction
smart cognition
smart entity
smart evidence
smart information
smart pain
smart symptom
smash abstraction
smash accident
smash collision
smash entity
smash event
smash happening
smash misfortune
smash mishap
smash trouble
smash hit
smash touch
smash break
smash separate
smash hit
smash move
smash hit
smash move
smash collide
smash hit
smash touch
smash demolish
smash break
smash change
smashing abstraction
smashing act
smashing action
smashing breakage
smashing change
smashing entity
smashing event
smear abstraction
smear communication
smear defamation
smear entity
smear message
smear entity
smear object
smear sample
smear specimen
smear whole
smear change
smear dirty
smear guide
smear rub
smell abstraction
smell cognition
smell entity
smell perception
smell process
smell sensation
smell ability
smell abstraction
smell cognition
smell entity
smell faculty
smell sense
smell sensitivity
smell abstraction
smell act
smell activity
smell entity
smell event
smell perceive
smell smell
smell perceive
smell understand
smelt entity
smelt fish
smelt food
smelt matter
smelt solid
smelt animal
smelt entity
smelt fish
smelt object
smelt organism
smelt vertebrate
smelt whole
smelt produce
smile abstraction
smile communication
smile entity
smile gesture
smile act
smile communicate
smile interact
smile act
smile communicate
smile convey
smile express
smile impart
smile inform
smile interact
smile tell
smith entity
smith object
smith organism
smith person
smith whole
smith worker
smith entity
smith object
smith organism
smith person
smith whole
smith worker
smog abstraction
smog attribute
smog condition
smog entity
smog impurity
smog pollution
smog state
smoke aerosol
smoke cloud
smoke entity
smoke phenomenon
smoke process
smoke entity
smoke process
smoke vaporization
smoke abstraction
smoke communication
smoke entity
smoke indication
smoke abstraction
smoke attribute
smoke entity
smoke quality
smoke breathing
smoke entity
smoke process
smoke consume
smoker consumer
smoker entity
smoker object
smoker organism
smoker person
smoker user
smoker whole
smoker artifact
smoker car
smoker container
smoker conveyance
smoker entity
smoker instrumentality
smoker object
smoker vehicle
smoker whole
smooth abstraction
smooth accomplishment
smooth act
smooth action
smooth entity
smooth event
smooth change
smooth rid
smoothness abstraction
smoothness attribute
smoothness entity
smoothness property
smoothness texture
smoothness abstraction
smoothness attribute
smoothness entity
smoothness evenness
smoothness quality
smoothness regularity
smoothness abstraction
smoothness attribute
smoothness ease
smoothness entity
smoothness quality
smudge abstraction
smudge entity
smudge event
smudge fire
smudge happening
smudge abstraction
smudge appearance
smudge attribute
smudge blemish
smudge entity
smudge quality
smuggling abstraction
smuggling act
smuggling commerce
smuggling entity
smuggling event
smuggling transaction
smut abstraction
smut attribute
smut condition
smut disease
smut entity
smut illness
smut state
smut entity
smut fungus
smut object
smut organism
smut whole
smut change
smut stain
smut change
smut mold
smut change
smut dirty
smut infect
smut pollute
snag abstraction
snag attribute
snag bulge
snag entity
snag projection
snag shape
snag solid
snag entity
snag object
snag organism
snag plant
snag tree
snag whole
snag attach
snag connect
snag hitch
snag get
snag obtain
snag strike
snag touch
snail animal
snail entity
snail invertebrate
snail object
snail organism
snail whole
snail gather
snake animal
snake entity
snake object
snake organism
snake reptile
snake vertebrate
snake whole
snake entity
snake object
snake organism
snake person
snake whole
snake entity
snake object
snake glide
snake travel
snake be
snake wind
snake travel
snake weave
snap abstraction
snap entity
snap measure
snap time
snap while
snap abstraction
snap entity
snap event
snap happening
snap noise
snap sound
snap abstraction
snap break
snap change
snap entity
snap event
snap happening
snap separation
snap artifact
snap device
snap entity
snap fastener
snap instrumentality
snap object
snap restraint
snap whole
snap abstraction
snap act
snap action
snap change
snap entity
snap event
snap motion
snap act
snap communicate
snap interact
snap talk
snap break
snap change
snap move
snap close
snap sound
snap move
snap hit
snap move
snap bite
snap grip
snap seize
snap take
snapper entity
snapper food
snapper matter
snapper seafood
snapper solid
snapper animal
snapper entity
snapper fish
snapper object
snapper organism
snapper vertebrate
snapper whole
snapper animal
snapper entity
snapper fish
snapper object
snapper organism
snapper vertebrate
snapper whole
snapshot artifact
snapshot creation
snapshot entity
snapshot object
snapshot photograph
snapshot representation
snapshot whole
snare artifact
snare device
snare entity
snare instrumentality
snare instrument
snare object
snare whole
snare artifact
snare cord
snare entity
snare line
snare object
snare string
snare whole
snare artifact
snare device
snare entity
snare instrumentality
snare object
snare trap
snare whole
snatch artifact
snatch creation
snatch entity
snatch fragment
snatch object
snatch piece
snatch whole
snatch abstraction
snatch act
snatch activity
snatch bodybuilding
snatch effort
snatch entity
snatch event
snatch exercise
snatch labor
snatch work
snatch seize
snatch take
sneak entity
sneak object
sneak organism
sneak person
sneak whole
sneak travel
sneak walk
sneak act
sneer abstraction
sneer communication
sneer contempt
sneer entity
sneer message
sneer abstraction
sneer communication
sneer contempt
sneer entity
sneer message
sneer act
sneer communicate
sneer convey
sneer express
sneer impart
sneer inform
sneer interact
sneer tell
sneer act
sneer communicate
sneer interact
sneer smile
snicker abstraction
snicker communication
snicker entity
snicker laugh
snicker utterance
snicker laugh
sniff abstraction
sniff act
sniff activity
sniff entity
sniff event
sniff smell
sniff perceive
sniff smell
sniff breathe
snip entity
snip object
snip part
snip piece
snip change
snip decrease
snip reduce
snipe animal
snipe bird
snipe entity
snipe object
snipe organism
snipe vertebrate
snipe whole
snipe abstraction
snipe act
snipe entity
snipe event
snipe propulsion
snipe shooting
snipe capture
snipe get
snipe hunt
snoop entity
snoop object
snoop organism
snoop person
snoop spectator
snoop spy
snoop whole
snore abstraction
snore entity
snore event
snore happening
snore noise
snore sound
snore breathing
snore entity
snore process
snore breathe
snort utter
snort breathe
snout entity
snout nose
snout organ
snout part
snout thing
snout entity
snout nose
snout organ
snout part
snout thing
snow entity
snow phenomenon
snow precipitation
snow process
snow weather
snow entity
snow layer
snow location
snow object
snow region
snow precipitate
snowball entity
snowball object
snowball organism
snowball plant
snowball whole
snowball wildflower
snowball course
snowball dessert
snowball entity
snowball food
snowball matter
snowball substance
snowball course
snowball dessert
snowball entity
snowball food
snowball matter
snowball substance
snowball artifact
snowball ball
snowball entity
snowball object
snowball plaything
snowball whole
snowball change
snowball increase
snowball move
snowball pelt
snowball throw
snowboard artifact
snowboard board
snowboard entity
snowboard object
snowboard sheet
snowboard whole
snowboard glide
snowboard travel
snowflake crystal
snowflake entity
snowflake matter
snowflake solid
snowman artifact
snowman creation
snowman entity
snowman figure
snowman model
snowman object
snowman representation
snowman whole
snub abstraction
snub act
snub activity
snub behavior
snub entity
snub event
snuff abstraction
snuff carbon
snuff entity
snuff matter
snuff part
snuff relation
snuff substance
snuff abstraction
snuff entity
snuff measure
snuff touch
snuff abstraction
snuff agent
snuff drug
snuff entity
snuff material
snuff matter
snuff part
snuff relation
snuff substance
snuff tobacco
snuff perceive
snuff smell
snuff breathe
snuffbox artifact
snuffbox box
snuffbox container
snuffbox entity
snuffbox instrumentality
snuffbox object
snuffbox whole
soak entity
soak process
soak abstraction
soak act
soak activity
soak entity
soak event
soak wash
soak work
soak enter
soak immerse
soak penetrate
soak beat
soak change
soak fill
soak impregnate
soak change
soak heat
soap abstraction
soap chemical
soap compound
soap entity
soap formulation
soap material
soap matter
soap part
soap relation
soap substance
soap abstraction
soap bribe
soap cost
soap entity
soap payment
soap possession
soap relation
soap agent
soap drug
soap entity
soap matter
soap substance
soap better
soap change
soap cleanse
soap groom
soapsuds abstraction
soapsuds attribute
soapsuds ball
soapsuds bubble
soapsuds entity
soapsuds foam
soapsuds shape
soapsuds sphere
soar abstraction
soar act
soar action
soar change
soar entity
soar event
soar motion
soar rise
soar travel
soar fly
soar travel
soar change
soar grow
soar increase
soar rise
sober change
sobriety abstraction
sobriety attribute
sobriety discipline
sobriety entity
sobriety good
sobriety morality
sobriety quality
sobriety restraint
sobriety trait
sobriety virtue
sobriety abstinence
sobriety abstraction
sobriety act
sobriety activity
sobriety control
sobriety entity
sobriety event
soccer abstraction
soccer act
soccer activity
soccer diversion
soccer entity
soccer event
soccer football
soccer game
soccer sport
sociability abstraction
sociability attribute
sociability entity
sociability nature
sociability sociality
sociability trait
sociable abstraction
sociable entity
sociable gathering
sociable group
sociable party
socialism abstraction
socialism attitude
socialism cognition
socialism entity
socialism orientation
socialism abstraction
socialism economy
socialism entity
socialism group
socialism system
socialist entity
socialist leader
socialist object
socialist organism
socialist person
socialist politician
socialist whole
socialite adult
socialite entity
socialite object
socialite organism
socialite person
socialite whole
sociality abstraction
sociality attribute
sociality entity
sociality nature
sociality trait
socialization abstraction
socialization act
socialization entity
socialization event
socialization abstraction
socialization act
socialization assembly
socialization entity
socialization event
socialization meeting
socialization abstraction
socialization act
socialization entity
socialization event
socialize act
socialize interact
socialize better
socialize change
socialize educate
socialize change
socialize fix
socialize change
society abstraction
society entity
society group
society abstraction
society class
society elite
society entity
society group
society people
sociologist entity
sociologist object
sociologist organism
sociologist person
sociologist scientist
sociologist whole
sociology abstraction
sociology cognition
sociology content
sociology discipline
sociology entity
sociology science
sock artifact
sock clothing
sock commodity
sock covering
sock entity
sock footwear
sock object
sock whole
sock hit
sock touch
socket cavity
socket entity
socket part
socket structure
socket thing
socket artifact
socket container
socket entity
socket instrumentality
socket object
socket receptacle
socket whole
socket accessory
socket component
socket entity
socket fitting
socket object
socket part
socket receptacle
sod adult
sod entity
sod guy
sod male
sod man
sod object
sod organism
sod person
sod whole
sod cover
sodium abstraction
sodium entity
sodium matter
sodium part
sodium relation
sodium substance
sodomy entity
sodomy perversion
sodomy process
sofa artifact
sofa entity
sofa furnishing
sofa furniture
sofa instrumentality
sofa object
sofa seat
sofa whole
softball artifact
softball ball
softball entity
softball equipment
softball instrumentality
softball object
softball whole
softball abstraction
softball act
softball activity
softball baseball
softball diversion
softball entity
softball event
softball game
softball sport
soften change
softening entity
softening process
softness abstraction
softness attribute
softness consistency
softness entity
softness property
softness abstraction
softness attribute
softness condition
softness entity
softness state
softness abstraction
softness attribute
softness entity
softness property
softness abstraction
softness attribute
softness entity
softness property
softness abstraction
softness attribute
softness disposition
softness entity
softness indulgence
softness nature
softness trait
software abstraction
software code
software communication
software entity
software writing
soil abstraction
soil earth
soil entity
soil material
soil matter
soil part
soil relation
soil substance
solace abstraction
solace attribute
solace comfort
solace condition
solace entity
solace state
soldier entity
soldier object
soldier organism
soldier person
soldier serviceman
soldier whole
soldier worker
soldier animal
soldier entity
soldier insect
soldier invertebrate
soldier object
soldier organism
soldier whole
soldier worker
soldier spend
sole bottom
sole boundary
sole entity
sole extremity
sole location
sole object
sole region
sole side
sole surface
sole entity
sole food
sole matter
sole seafood
sole solid
sole area
sole entity
sole part
sole thing
sole animal
sole entity
sole fish
sole object
sole organism
sole vertebrate
sole whole
sole better
sole change
sole repair
solicitation abstraction
solicitation act
solicitation entity
solicitation event
solicitation request
solicitation abstraction
solicitation communication
solicitation entity
solicitation message
solicitation request
solicitation abstraction
solicitation act
solicitation causing
solicitation entity
solicitation event
solicitation influence
solid entity
solid matter
solid entity
solid phenomenon
solid process
solid abstraction
solid attribute
solid entity
solid shape
solidarity abstraction
solidarity attribute
solidarity commonality
solidarity entity
solidarity generality
solidarity quality
solidify change
solidity abstraction
solidity attribute
solidity consistency
solidity entity
solidity property
solidity abstraction
solidity attribute
solidity condition
solidity entity
solidity fullness
solidity state
solidity abstraction
solidity attribute
solidity entity
solidity responsibility
solidity trait
solidity trustworthiness
solitaire adornment
solitaire artifact
solitaire decoration
solitaire entity
solitaire jewel
solitaire jewelry
solitaire object
solitaire whole
solitaire animal
solitaire bird
solitaire entity
solitaire object
solitaire organism
solitaire vertebrate
solitaire whole
solitaire animal
solitaire bird
solitaire entity
solitaire object
solitaire organism
solitaire thrush
solitaire vertebrate
solitaire whole
solitaire abstraction
solitaire act
solitaire activity
solitaire entity
solitaire event
solitaire game
solitude abstraction
solitude attribute
solitude entity
solitude isolation
solitude separation
solitude state
solitude abstraction
solitude attribute
solitude entity
solitude isolation
solitude separation
solitude state
solitude entity
solitude location
solitude object
solitude point
solo abstraction
solo act
solo activity
solo entity
solo event
solo abstraction
solo communication
solo entity
solo music
solo abstraction
solo act
solo action
solo change
solo entity
solo event
solo flight
solo motion
solo travel
solo fly
solo handle
solo manipulate
solo operate
solo touch
solo make
solo perform
soloist entertainer
soloist entity
soloist musician
soloist object
soloist organism
soloist performer
soloist person
soloist whole
solstice abstraction
solstice attribute
solstice entity
solstice time
solubility abstraction
solubility entity
solubility measure
solubility abstraction
solubility attribute
solubility entity
solubility quality
solution abstraction
solution entity
solution matter
solution mixture
solution part
solution relation
solution substance
solution abstraction
solution communication
solution entity
solution message
solution statement
solution ability
solution abstraction
solution cognition
solution entity
solution method
solution abstraction
solution entity
solution set
solution abstraction
solution accomplishment
solution act
solution action
solution attainment
solution entity
solution event
solution success
solve understand
solvent abstraction
solvent entity
solvent matter
solvent medium
solvent part
solvent relation
solvent substance
sombrero artifact
sombrero clothing
sombrero commodity
sombrero covering
sombrero entity
sombrero hat
sombrero headdress
sombrero object
sombrero whole
somewhere entity
somewhere location
somewhere object
son child
son entity
son male
son object
son offspring
son organism
son person
son relative
son whole
sonar artifact
sonar device
sonar entity
sonar instrumentality
sonar instrument
sonar object
sonar whole
sonata abstraction
sonata communication
sonata entity
sonata music
song abstraction
song communication
song entity
song music
song abstraction
song entity
song event
song happening
song sound
song abstraction
song act
song activity
song entity
song event
song music
song abstraction
song acquisition
song bargain
song entity
song possession
song purchase
song relation
songbird animal
songbird bird
songbird entity
songbird object
songbird organism
songbird vertebrate
songbird whole
songwriter artist
songwriter composer
songwriter creator
songwriter entity
songwriter musician
songwriter object
songwriter organism
songwriter person
songwriter whole
sonnet abstraction
sonnet communication
sonnet entity
sonnet poem
sonnet writing
sonnet evaluate
sonnet measure
sonnet praise
sonnet think
sonnet make
sonnet verse
sonnet write
soot coat
soot cover
soothe better
soothe change
soothe relieve
sophistication abstraction
sophistication attribute
sophistication entity
sophistication expertness
sophistication skillfulness
sophistication state
sophistication abstraction
sophistication attribute
sophistication entity
sophistication quality
sophistication abstraction
sophistication act
sophistication activity
sophistication dishonesty
sophistication entity
sophistication event
sophistication falsification
sorcerer entity
sorcerer object
sorcerer organism
sorcerer person
sorcerer whole
sorcery abstraction
sorcery belief
sorcery cognition
sorcery content
sorcery entity
sorcery magic
sore abstraction
sore attribute
sore condition
sore entity
sore infection
sore state
sorority abstraction
sorority association
sorority club
sorority entity
sorority group
sorority organization
sorrow abstraction
sorrow attribute
sorrow entity
sorrow feeling
sorrow sadness
sorrow state
sorrow abstraction
sorrow attribute
sorrow entity
sorrow feeling
sorrow sadness
sorrow state
sort abstraction
sort attribute
sort entity
sort quality
sort sameness
sort similarity
sort entity
sort object
sort organism
sort person
sort whole
sort entity
sort operation
sort processing
sort process
soul entity
soul spirit
soul abstraction
soul attribute
soul entity
soul feeling
soul state
soul abstraction
soul act
soul activity
soul creation
soul embodiment
soul entity
soul event
soul realization
soul abstraction
soul communication
soul entity
soul gospel
soul music
sound abstraction
sound attribute
sound entity
sound property
sound abstraction
sound cognition
sound entity
sound perception
sound process
sound sensation
sound entity
sound phenomenon
sound process
sound abstraction
sound entity
sound event
sound happening
sound entity
sound thing
sound be
sound look
sound act
sound announce
sound communicate
sound inform
sound interact
sounding abstraction
sounding attribute
sounding depth
sounding entity
sounding extent
sounding magnitude
sounding property
sounding abstraction
sounding act
sounding activity
sounding entity
sounding event
sounding measurement
soundness abstraction
soundness attribute
soundness condition
soundness entity
soundness state
soundtrack artifact
soundtrack device
soundtrack entity
soundtrack instrumentality
soundtrack object
soundtrack recording
soundtrack whole
soup dish
soup entity
soup food
soup matter
soup substance
soup abstraction
soup composition
soup entity
soup matter
soup mixture
soup part
soup relation
soup substance
soup abstraction
soup attribute
soup condition
soup entity
soup situation
soup state
soup drug
soup medicate
soup treat
sour abstraction
sour agent
sour alcohol
sour beverage
sour cocktail
sour drug
sour entity
sour fluid
sour food
sour liquid
sour matter
sour part
sour relation
sour substance
sour abstraction
sour cognition
sour entity
sour perception
sour process
sour sensation
sour taste
sour change
source abstraction
source communication
source document
source entity
source writing
source abstraction
source cognition
source content
source entity
source idea
source inspiration
source artifact
source entity
source facility
source object
source whole
source entity
source process
source get
source obtain
source confirm
source document
sourdough entity
sourdough matter
sourdough substance
sourdough employee
sourdough entity
sourdough laborer
sourdough migrant
sourdough miner
sourdough object
sourdough organism
sourdough person
sourdough prospector
sourdough settler
sourdough traveler
sourdough whole
sourdough worker
sourdough workman
south abstraction
south direction
south entity
south position
south relation
south entity
south location
south object
south abstraction
south direction
south entity
south position
south relation
southeast abstraction
southeast direction
southeast entity
southeast position
southeast relation
southeast abstraction
southeast direction
southeast entity
southeast position
southeast relation
southeast entity
southeast location
southeast object
southwest abstraction
southwest direction
southwest entity
southwest position
southwest relation
southwest abstraction
southwest direction
southwest entity
southwest position
southwest relation
southwest entity
southwest location
southwest object
southwestern abstraction
southwestern communication
southwestern entity
southwestern language
sovereign entity
sovereign negotiator
sovereign object
sovereign organism
sovereign person
sovereign representative
sovereign ruler
sovereign whole
sovereignty abstraction
sovereignty attribute
sovereignty autonomy
sovereignty entity
sovereignty freedom
sovereignty independence
sovereignty state
sovereignty abstraction
sovereignty attribute
sovereignty authority
sovereignty control
sovereignty entity
sovereignty power
sovereignty quality
soviet abstraction
soviet council
soviet entity
soviet group
soviet organization
soviet unit
sow animal
sow entity
sow mammal
sow object
sow organism
sow swine
sow vertebrate
sow whole
sow move
sow put
sow act
sow circulate
sow communicate
sow inform
sow interact
sow publicize
sow tell
soy bean
soy entity
soy fruit
soy object
soy seed
soy whole
soy climber
soy entity
soy herb
soy legume
soy object
soy organism
soy plant
soy vine
soy whole
soy bean
soy entity
soy food
soy legume
soy matter
soy produce
soy solid
soy vegetable
space abstraction
space attribute
space entity
space abstraction
space attribute
space entity
space location
space object
space shape
space area
space entity
space location
space object
space region
space abstraction
space character
space communication
space entity
space signal
space symbol
space abstraction
space area
space attribute
space entity
space extent
space magnitude
space property
space abstraction
space area
space attribute
space entity
space extent
space magnitude
space property
space move
space put
spacecraft artifact
spacecraft conveyance
spacecraft craft
spacecraft entity
spacecraft equipment
spacecraft instrumentality
spacecraft object
spacecraft satellite
spacecraft vehicle
spacecraft whole
spaceflight abstraction
spaceflight act
spaceflight action
spaceflight change
spaceflight entity
spaceflight event
spaceflight journey
spaceflight motion
spaceflight travel
spaceflight voyage
spacing abstraction
spacing entity
spacing rate
spacing relation
spacing abstraction
spacing entity
spacing placement
spacing position
spacing relation
spade abstraction
spade card
spade entity
spade material
spade matter
spade paper
spade part
spade relation
spade substance
spade artifact
spade entity
spade implement
spade instrumentality
spade object
spade shovel
spade tool
spade whole
spade dig
spade remove
spaghetti dish
spaghetti entity
spaghetti food
spaghetti matter
spaghetti pasta
spaghetti substance
spaghetti entity
spaghetti food
spaghetti matter
spaghetti pasta
spaghetti solid
span abstraction
span duration
span entity
span measure
span abstraction
span distance
span entity
span placement
span position
span relation
span spacing
span abstraction
span entity
span measure
spaniel animal
spaniel canine
spaniel carnivore
spaniel dog
spaniel entity
spaniel mammal
spaniel object
spaniel organism
spaniel vertebrate
spaniel whole
spank abstraction
spank act
spank action
spank blow
spank change
spank entity
spank event
spank motion
spank smack
spank stroke
spank beat
spanking abstraction
spanking act
spanking discipline
spanking entity
spanking event
spanking punishment
spar abstraction
spar entity
spar material
spar matter
spar mineral
spar part
spar relation
spar substance
spar artifact
spar entity
spar implement
spar instrumentality
spar object
spar pole
spar rod
spar whole
spar abstraction
spar act
spar activity
spar boxing
spar diversion
spar entity
spar event
spar sport
spar equip
spar give
spar supply
spar transfer
spar contend
spar box
spar contend
spar act
spar argue
spar communicate
spar converse
spar interact
spar talk
spare abstraction
spare accomplishment
spare act
spare action
spare attainment
spare entity
spare event
spare score
spare success
spare refrain
spare exempt
spare give
spare transfer
spare use
spark abstraction
spark entity
spark measure
spark trace
spark entity
spark fragment
spark part
spark thing
spark emit
sparkle abstraction
sparkle activeness
sparkle animation
sparkle appearance
sparkle attribute
sparkle energy
sparkle entity
sparkle expression
sparkle quality
sparkle trait
sparkle vitality
sparkle emit
sparkle reflect
sparkle be
sparrow animal
sparrow bird
sparrow entity
sparrow object
sparrow organism
sparrow vertebrate
sparrow whole
spartan entity
spartan inhabitant
spartan object
spartan organism
spartan person
spartan whole
spasm abstraction
spasm cognition
spasm entity
spasm evidence
spasm information
spasm symptom
spasm abstraction
spasm act
spasm compression
spasm constriction
spasm entity
spasm event
spasm press
spasm propulsion
spasm push
spat artifact
spat clothing
spat commodity
spat covering
spat entity
spat garment
spat legging
spat object
spat whole
spat animal
spat entity
spat object
spat organism
spat whole
spat young
spat precipitate
spat attach
spat connect
spat join
spat hit
spat touch
spat act
spat argue
spat communicate
spat converse
spat interact
spat quarrel
spat talk
spat lay
spat move
spat put
spat spawn
spatter abstraction
spatter entity
spatter event
spatter happening
spatter noise
spatter sound
spatter abstraction
spatter act
spatter activity
spatter application
spatter entity
spatter event
spatter labor
spatter painting
spatter work
spatter discharge
spatter scatter
spatter spread
spatter change
spatter spot
spatula artifact
spatula entity
spatula implement
spatula instrumentality
spatula object
spatula turner
spatula utensil
spatula whole
spatula artifact
spatula entity
spatula implement
spatula instrumentality
spatula object
spatula tool
spatula whole
spawn cell
spawn egg
spawn entity
spawn object
spawn ovum
spawn whole
spawn lay
spawn move
spawn put
speak act
speak communicate
speak interact
speak sound
speaker entity
speaker object
speaker organism
speaker person
speaker whole
speaker entity
speaker leader
speaker object
speaker organism
speaker person
speaker whole
speaking abstraction
speaking communication
speaking entity
speaking utterance
spear artifact
spear device
spear entity
spear instrumentality
spear instrument
spear object
spear weapon
spear whole
spear artifact
spear entity
spear implement
spear instrumentality
spear object
spear whole
spear enter
spear penetrate
spear pierce
spearhead entity
spearhead leader
spearhead object
spearhead organism
spearhead person
spearhead whole
spearhead abstraction
spearhead entity
spearhead group
spearhead organization
spearhead unit
spearhead end
spearhead entity
spearhead extremity
spearhead location
spearhead object
spearhead point
spearhead region
spearhead control
spearhead direct
spearhead head
spearhead manage
special abstraction
special communication
special entity
special message
special offer
special dish
special entity
special food
special matter
special substance
special abstraction
special broadcast
special entity
special event
special show
specialism ability
specialism abstraction
specialism attention
specialism cognition
specialism concentration
specialism entity
specialism faculty
specialist entity
specialist expert
specialist object
specialist organism
specialist person
specialist whole
specialist adult
specialist doctor
specialist entity
specialist object
specialist organism
specialist person
specialist professional
specialist whole
specialization abstraction
specialization act
specialization action
specialization change
specialization entity
specialization event
specialization abstraction
specialization act
specialization activity
specialization career
specialization entity
specialization event
specialization occupation
specialization adaptation
specialization entity
specialization process
specialize change
specialize modify
specialize work
species abstraction
species entity
species group
species abstraction
species category
species cognition
species concept
species content
species entity
species idea
species kind
specific agent
specific drug
specific entity
specific matter
specific medicine
specific substance
specification abstraction
specification communication
specification description
specification entity
specification message
specification statement
specification abstraction
specification act
specification entity
specification event
specification naming
specification abstraction
specification communication
specification document
specification entity
specification writing
specificity abstraction
specificity attribute
specificity entity
specificity particularity
specificity quality
specificity abstraction
specificity attribute
specificity entity
specificity particularity
specificity quality
specify choose
specify decide
specify be
specify act
specify clarify
specify communicate
specify elaborate
specify explain
specify inform
specify interact
specimen abstraction
specimen cognition
specimen entity
specimen example
specimen information
specimen entity
specimen object
specimen sample
specimen whole
speck artifact
speck decoration
speck design
speck entity
speck marking
speck object
speck spot
speck whole
speck change
speck mark
speckle change
speckle spot
spectacle abstraction
spectacle communication
spectacle display
spectacle entity
spectacle sight
spectacle artifact
spectacle creation
spectacle display
spectacle entity
spectacle object
spectacle representation
spectacle whole
spectacle abstraction
spectacle act
spectacle blunder
spectacle entity
spectacle event
spectacle mistake
spectacles artifact
spectacles device
spectacles entity
spectacles instrumentality
spectacles instrument
spectacles object
spectacles whole
spectacular abstraction
spectacular entity
spectacular event
spectacular performance
spectacular show
spectator entity
spectator object
spectator organism
spectator person
spectator whole
spectroscope artifact
spectroscope device
spectroscope entity
spectroscope instrumentality
spectroscope instrument
spectroscope object
spectroscope whole
spectrum abstraction
spectrum arrangement
spectrum array
spectrum entity
spectrum group
spectrum abstraction
spectrum attribute
spectrum entity
spectrum extent
spectrum magnitude
spectrum property
spectrum scope
speculate evaluate
speculate expect
speculate think
speculate reason
speculate think
speculate give
speculate invest
speculate pay
speculate spend
speculate transfer
speculation abstraction
speculation cognition
speculation concept
speculation content
speculation entity
speculation hypothesis
speculation idea
speculation abstraction
speculation assets
speculation entity
speculation investment
speculation possession
speculation relation
speculator entity
speculator intellectual
speculator object
speculator organism
speculator person
speculator thinker
speculator whole
speculator adventurer
speculator entity
speculator gambler
speculator object
speculator organism
speculator person
speculator whole
speech abstraction
speech communication
speech entity
speech abstraction
speech communication
speech entity
speech utterance
speech abstraction
speech communication
speech entity
speech speaking
speech utterance
speed abstraction
speed entity
speed rate
speed relation
speed abstraction
speed attribute
speed entity
speed pace
speed property
speed abstraction
speed act
speed action
speed change
speed entity
speed event
speed motion
speed travel
spell abstraction
spell communication
spell entity
spell speech
spell recite
spell repeat
spell utter
spell act
spell communicate
spell convey
spell impart
spell inform
spell interact
spell mean
spell tell
spell free
spell charm
spell control
spell hex
spell act
spell alternate
spelling abstraction
spelling communication
spelling entity
spelling orthography
spelling writing
spend give
spend pay
spend transfer
spend consume
spend give
spend pay
spend spend
spend transfer
spending abstraction
spending act
spending commerce
spending entity
spending event
spending payment
spending transaction
sperm cell
sperm entity
sperm object
sperm whole
sphere abstraction
sphere attribute
sphere entity
sphere environment
sphere situation
sphere state
sphere artifact
sphere entity
sphere object
sphere whole
sphere entity
sphere location
sphere object
sphere region
sphere abstraction
sphere attribute
sphere entity
sphere shape
sphere abstraction
sphere attribute
sphere entity
sphere shape
spheroid abstraction
spheroid attribute
spheroid entity
spheroid shape
sphincter entity
sphincter muscle
sphincter organ
sphincter part
sphincter thing
sphinx entity
sphinx object
sphinx organism
sphinx person
sphinx whole
sphinx ability
sphinx abstraction
sphinx cognition
sphinx creativity
sphinx entity
sphinx imagination
sphinx monster
sphinx abstraction
sphinx art
sphinx artifact
sphinx attribute
sphinx creation
sphinx entity
sphinx figure
sphinx object
sphinx sculpture
sphinx shape
sphinx statue
sphinx whole
spice abstraction
spice chemical
spice compound
spice entity
spice material
spice matter
spice part
spice preservative
spice relation
spice substance
spice entity
spice food
spice foodstuff
spice ingredient
spice matter
spice substance
spice change
spider animal
spider entity
spider invertebrate
spider object
spider organism
spider whole
spider abstraction
spider code
spider communication
spider entity
spider program
spider software
spider writing
spider artifact
spider entity
spider implement
spider instrumentality
spider object
spider pan
spider utensil
spider whole
spike abstraction
spike discharge
spike entity
spike event
spike happening
spike artifact
spike entity
spike equipment
spike instrumentality
spike object
spike whole
spike entity
spike flower
spike object
spike whole
spike abstraction
spike beginning
spike emergence
spike entity
spike event
spike happening
spike rise
spike end
spike entity
spike extremity
spike location
spike object
spike point
spike region
spike artifact
spike entity
spike object
spike projection
spike structure
spike whole
spike artifact
spike entity
spike implement
spike instrumentality
spike object
spike whole
spike artifact
spike device
spike entity
spike instrumentality
spike object
spike whole
spike artifact
spike device
spike entity
spike fastener
spike instrumentality
spike nail
spike object
spike restraint
spike whole
spike banish
spike expel
spike move
spike attach
spike connect
spike fasten
spike change
spike develop
spike grow
spike increase
spike change
spike increase
spill entity
spill fluid
spill liquid
spill matter
spill abstraction
spill act
spill action
spill change
spill entity
spill event
spill flow
spill motion
spill abstraction
spill entity
spill event
spill happening
spill misfortune
spill mishap
spill slip
spill trouble
spill move
spill run
spill move
spill pour
spill act
spill communicate
spill inform
spill interact
spill tell
spill change
spill decrease
spill reduce
spillage abstraction
spillage entity
spillage measure
spin abstraction
spin entity
spin event
spin happening
spin movement
spin rotation
spin turning
spin abstraction
spin act
spin action
spin change
spin entity
spin event
spin motion
spin rotation
spin abstraction
spin act
spin action
spin change
spin drive
spin entity
spin event
spin journey
spin motion
spin travel
spin abstraction
spin act
spin activity
spin diversion
spin entertainment
spin entity
spin event
spin performance
spin presentation
spin rendition
spin show
spin move
spin revolve
spin turn
spin move
spin run
spin stream
spin fabricate
spin make
spin change
spin twist
spin express
spin present
spin state
spin change
spin increase
spin lengthen
spin prolong
spinach entity
spinach herb
spinach object
spinach organism
spinach plant
spinach vegetable
spinach whole
spinach entity
spinach food
spinach greens
spinach matter
spinach produce
spinach solid
spinach vegetable
spindle abstraction
spindle entity
spindle fiber
spindle material
spindle matter
spindle part
spindle relation
spindle substance
spindle entity
spindle object
spindle part
spindle piece
spindle artifact
spindle entity
spindle implement
spindle instrumentality
spindle object
spindle rod
spindle whole
spindle artifact
spindle entity
spindle implement
spindle instrumentality
spindle object
spindle stick
spindle whole
spine entity
spine part
spine process
spine thing
spine entity
spine object
spine part
spine entity
spine part
spine process
spine thing
spinning abstraction
spinning act
spinning activity
spinning art
spinning creation
spinning entity
spinning event
spinning handicraft
spinning occupation
spinning trade
spiral abstraction
spiral attribute
spiral curve
spiral entity
spiral line
spiral shape
spiral entity
spiral process
spiral artifact
spiral decoration
spiral entity
spiral object
spiral whole
spiral abstraction
spiral act
spiral action
spiral change
spiral entity
spiral event
spiral motion
spiral rotation
spiral be
spiral wind
spirit entity
spirit abstraction
spirit atmosphere
spirit attribute
spirit condition
spirit entity
spirit state
spirit abstraction
spirit attribute
spirit character
spirit entity
spirit trait
spirit abstraction
spirit belief
spirit cognition
spirit content
spirit entity
spirit affect
spirit change
spirit stimulate
spiritual abstraction
spiritual communication
spiritual entity
spiritual music
spiritual song
spiritualism abstraction
spiritualism belief
spiritualism cognition
spiritualism content
spiritualism doctrine
spiritualism entity
spiritualism abstraction
spiritualism belief
spiritualism cognition
spiritualism content
spiritualism entity
spirituality abstraction
spirituality attribute
spirituality disposition
spirituality entity
spirituality introversion
spirituality nature
spirituality trait
spit cape
spit entity
spit land
spit object
spit artifact
spit device
spit entity
spit fastener
spit instrumentality
spit object
spit pin
spit restraint
spit skewer
spit whole
spit abstraction
spit act
spit entity
spit event
spit expulsion
spit propulsion
spit exhaust
spit utter
spitfire entity
spitfire object
spitfire organism
spitfire person
spitfire whole
splash abstraction
splash entity
splash event
splash happening
splash noise
splash sound
splash artifact
splash decoration
splash design
splash entity
splash marking
splash object
splash spot
splash whole
splash abstraction
splash act
splash action
splash change
splash entity
splash event
splash overlay
splash sound
splash change
splash dirty
spleen entity
spleen part
spleen thing
spleen tissue
splice artifact
splice connection
splice entity
splice instrumentality
splice junction
splice object
splice whole
splice connect
splice join
splice connect
splice join
splice change
splice intertwine
splice twist
splint entity
splint fragment
splint paring
splint part
splint thing
splint artifact
splint device
splint entity
splint instrumentality
splint mechanism
splint object
splint whole
splint treat
splinter bit
splinter entity
splinter fragment
splinter part
splinter thing
splinter break
splinter change
split abstraction
split accomplishment
split act
split action
split entity
split event
split feat
split stunt
split abstraction
split bottle
split entity
split measure
split abstraction
split assets
split entity
split possession
split relation
split share
split abstraction
split attribute
split crack
split entity
split location
split object
split opening
split shape
split space
split course
split dessert
split entity
split food
split matter
split substance
split abstraction
split entity
split formation
split placement
split position
split relation
split abstraction
split act
split action
split change
split entity
split event
split increase
splitter entity
splitter object
splitter organism
splitter person
splitter whole
splitter worker
splitter biologist
splitter entity
splitter object
splitter organism
splitter person
splitter scientist
splitter whole
spoil abstraction
spoil entity
spoil possession
spoil relation
spoil abstraction
spoil act
spoil activity
spoil entity
spoil event
spoil injury
spoil abstraction
spoil act
spoil action
spoil aggression
spoil entity
spoil event
spoil plundering
spoil change
spoil decay
spoilage abstraction
spoilage entity
spoilage measure
spoilage decay
spoilage entity
spoilage process
spoiler campaigner
spoiler entity
spoiler leader
spoiler object
spoiler organism
spoiler person
spoiler politician
spoiler whole
spoiler artifact
spoiler device
spoiler entity
spoiler instrumentality
spoiler object
spoiler whole
spoiler artifact
spoiler device
spoiler entity
spoiler instrumentality
spoiler object
spoiler whole
spoke artifact
spoke device
spoke entity
spoke instrumentality
spoke object
spoke support
spoke whole
spokesman advocate
spokesman entity
spokesman object
spokesman organism
spokesman person
spokesman spokesperson
spokesman whole
spokesperson advocate
spokesperson entity
spokesperson object
spokesperson organism
spokesperson person
spokesperson whole
sponge abstraction
sponge entity
sponge material
sponge matter
sponge part
sponge relation
sponge substance
sponge animal
sponge entity
sponge invertebrate
sponge object
sponge organism
sponge whole
sponge guide
sponge rub
sponge wipe
sponge delete
sponge erase
sponge remove
sponge absorb
sponge gather
sponsor give
sponsor support
sponsor transfer
sponsor support
sponsorship abstraction
sponsorship act
sponsorship activity
sponsorship aid
sponsorship entity
sponsorship event
sponsorship support
spontaneity abstraction
spontaneity attribute
spontaneity entity
spontaneity quality
spoof imitate
spoof mock
spoof produce
spoof reproduce
spool move
spool transfer
spool move
spool wind
spoon article
spoon artifact
spoon container
spoon cutlery
spoon entity
spoon instrumentality
spoon object
spoon ware
spoon whole
spoon abstraction
spoon entity
spoon measure
spoon artifact
spoon entity
spoon equipment
spoon instrumentality
spoon object
spoon whole
spoon wood
spoon remove
spore entity
spore object
spore whole
sport abstraction
sport act
sport activity
sport diversion
sport entity
sport event
sport abstraction
sport act
sport activity
sport entity
sport event
sport occupation
sport entity
sport object
sport organism
sport person
sport vacationer
sport whole
sport entity
sport object
sport organism
sport person
sport whole
sport athlete
sport contestant
sport entity
sport object
sport organism
sport person
sport whole
sport have
sportsmanship abstraction
sportsmanship attribute
sportsmanship entity
sportsmanship fairness
sportsmanship good
sportsmanship justice
sportsmanship morality
sportsmanship quality
sportsmanship righteousness
sportsmanship virtue
spot abstraction
spot communication
spot entity
spot music
spot section
spot writing
spot artifact
spot decoration
spot design
spot entity
spot marking
spot object
spot whole
spot abstraction
spot communication
spot entity
spot music
spot section
spot writing
spot artifact
spot entity
spot establishment
spot object
spot structure
spot whole
spot abstraction
spot entity
spot measure
spot abstraction
spot communication
spot entity
spot marker
spot signal
spot symbol
spot abstraction
spot card
spot entity
spot material
spot matter
spot paper
spot part
spot relation
spot substance
spot change
spot mark
spotlight artifact
spotlight device
spotlight entity
spotlight instrumentality
spotlight lamp
spotlight object
spotlight whole
spotlight change
spotlight lighten
spotlight light
spotter employee
spotter entity
spotter object
spotter organism
spotter person
spotter whole
spotter worker
spotter employee
spotter entity
spotter object
spotter organism
spotter person
spotter whole
spotter worker
spouse entity
spouse object
spouse organism
spouse person
spouse relative
spouse whole
spout artifact
spout entity
spout object
spout opening
spout whole
sprain abstraction
sprain attribute
sprain condition
sprain entity
sprain injury
sprain state
sprain wrench
sprawl abstraction
sprawl attribute
sprawl entity
sprawl position
sprawl property
sprawl lie
sprawl sit
sprawl spread
spray abstraction
spray chemical
spray entity
spray material
spray matter
spray part
spray pesticide
spray relation
spray substance
spray abstraction
spray entity
spray measure
spray abstraction
spray arrangement
spray artifact
spray decoration
spray entity
spray group
spray object
spray whole
spray abstraction
spray entity
spray matter
spray mixture
spray part
spray relation
spray substance
spray suspension
spray vapor
spray abstraction
spray discharge
spray entity
spray event
spray flow
spray happening
spray jet
spray movement
spray discharge
spray scatter
spray spread
spray discharge
spray scatter
spray spread
spray cover
spread abstraction
spread entity
spread event
spread happening
spread movement
spread condiment
spread entity
spread food
spread foodstuff
spread ingredient
spread matter
spread substance
spread abstraction
spread entity
spread leaf
spread material
spread matter
spread page
spread paper
spread part
spread relation
spread sheet
spread substance
spread abstraction
spread attribute
spread circumference
spread entity
spread girth
spread magnitude
spread property
spread size
spread abstraction
spread act
spread action
spread change
spread entity
spread event
spread expansion
spread extension
spread increase
spread move
spread be
spread cover
spread circulate
spread move
spread cover
spreader artifact
spreader entity
spreader implement
spreader instrumentality
spreader object
spreader tool
spreader whole
spreadsheet abstraction
spreadsheet code
spreadsheet communication
spreadsheet entity
spreadsheet program
spreadsheet software
spreadsheet writing
spree abstraction
spree act
spree action
spree change
spree entity
spree event
spree gratification
spree indulgence
spree satisfaction
spree give
spree provide
spree transfer
spring abstraction
spring entity
spring measure
spring season
spring artifact
spring device
spring entity
spring instrumentality
spring object
spring whole
spring entity
spring object
spring beginning
spring entity
spring location
spring object
spring point
spring change
spring grow
spring act
spring communicate
spring inform
spring interact
spring tell
sprinkle abstraction
sprinkle act
sprinkle action
sprinkle change
sprinkle entity
sprinkle event
sprinkle watering
sprinkle discharge
sprinkle scatter
sprinkle spread
sprinkle precipitate
sprinkle rain
sprinkle change
sprinkle wet
sprinkler artifact
sprinkler device
sprinkler entity
sprinkler instrumentality
sprinkler mechanism
sprinkler object
sprinkler whole
sprint run
sprint travel
sprinter athlete
sprinter contestant
sprinter entity
sprinter object
sprinter organism
sprinter person
sprinter runner
sprinter whole
sprocket abstraction
sprocket attribute
sprocket cylinder
sprocket entity
sprocket roller
sprocket shape
sprocket solid
sprocket artifact
sprocket device
sprocket entity
sprocket instrumentality
sprocket machine
sprocket mechanism
sprocket object
sprocket wheel
sprocket whole
sprout entity
sprout object
sprout whole
sprout entity
sprout food
sprout greens
sprout matter
sprout produce
sprout solid
sprout vegetable
sprout change
sprout grow
spruce abstraction
spruce entity
spruce material
spruce matter
spruce part
spruce relation
spruce substance
spruce wood
spruce conifer
spruce entity
spruce object
spruce organism
spruce plant
spruce tree
spruce whole
spud artifact
spud entity
spud implement
spud instrumentality
spud object
spud shovel
spud tool
spud whole
spud bore
spud cut
spud move
spud separate
spur abstraction
spur attribute
spur entity
spur projection
spur shape
spur solid
spur entity
spur part
spur process
spur thing
spur artifact
spur device
spur entity
spur instrumentality
spur object
spur prod
spur whole
spur promote
spur support
spur arouse
spur encourage
spur inspire
spur make
spur stimulate
spur strike
spur touch
spur prod
spur equip
spur give
spur supply
spur transfer
spurt move
spurt pour
spurt run
spy agent
spy entity
spy negotiator
spy object
spy organism
spy person
spy representative
spy whole
spy entity
spy object
spy organism
spy person
spy spectator
spy whole
spy monitor
spy observe
spy watch
spy perceive
spy analyze
spy investigate
spy probe
squad abstraction
squad entity
squad group
squad organization
squad unit
squadron abstraction
squadron cavalry
squadron entity
squadron group
squadron organization
squadron unit
squadron abstraction
squadron entity
squadron group
squadron organization
squadron unit
squadron abstraction
squadron entity
squadron group
squadron organization
squadron unit
squall entity
squall phenomenon
squall process
squall weather
squall wind
squall howl
squall shout
squall utter
squall blow
square abstraction
square attribute
square entity
square figure
square parallelogram
square polygon
square quadrilateral
square rectangle
square shape
square abstraction
square entity
square measure
square number
square abstraction
square attribute
square entity
square shape
square entity
square object
square organism
square person
square simpleton
square whole
square adult
square conservative
square entity
square object
square organism
square person
square whole
square artifact
square entity
square object
square whole
square artifact
square entity
square implement
square instrumentality
square object
square tool
square whole
square change
square shape
square calculate
square multiply
square reason
square think
square adjust
square change
square move
square position
square put
square equal
square match
square agree
square arrange
square settle
squash entity
squash object
squash organism
squash plant
squash vine
squash whole
squash entity
squash food
squash matter
squash produce
squash solid
squash vegetable
squash abstraction
squash act
squash activity
squash diversion
squash entity
squash event
squash game
squash sport
squash press
squash touch
squatter entity
squatter migrant
squatter object
squatter organism
squatter person
squatter settler
squatter traveler
squatter whole
squatter entity
squatter intruder
squatter object
squatter organism
squatter person
squatter traveler
squatter whole
squeegee artifact
squeegee entity
squeegee implement
squeegee instrumentality
squeegee object
squeegee whole
squeegee guide
squeegee rub
squeegee wipe
squeeze abstraction
squeeze act
squeeze compression
squeeze entity
squeeze event
squeeze press
squeeze propulsion
squeeze push
squeeze abstraction
squeeze assets
squeeze entity
squeeze loss
squeeze possession
squeeze relation
squeeze sum
squeeze entity
squeeze lover
squeeze object
squeeze organism
squeeze person
squeeze whole
squeeze abstraction
squeeze entity
squeeze event
squeeze happening
squeeze movement
squeeze abstraction
squeeze act
squeeze compression
squeeze constriction
squeeze entity
squeeze event
squeeze press
squeeze propulsion
squeeze push
squeeze press
squeeze touch
squid entity
squid food
squid matter
squid seafood
squid solid
squid animal
squid entity
squid invertebrate
squid object
squid organism
squid whole
squint abstraction
squint act
squint activity
squint entity
squint event
squint look
squint act
squint communicate
squint interact
squint look
squint be
squint look
squinter entity
squinter object
squinter organism
squinter person
squinter whole
squire assistant
squire attendant
squire entity
squire object
squire organism
squire person
squire whole
squire worker
squire entity
squire holder
squire landowner
squire object
squire organism
squire owner
squire person
squire whole
squire assistant
squire attendant
squire entity
squire object
squire organism
squire person
squire whole
squire worker
squire accompany
squire escort
squire travel
squirrel animal
squirrel entity
squirrel mammal
squirrel object
squirrel organism
squirrel rodent
squirrel vertebrate
squirrel whole
squirrel abstraction
squirrel entity
squirrel fur
squirrel material
squirrel matter
squirrel part
squirrel relation
squirrel substance
stab abstraction
stab act
stab action
stab blow
stab change
stab entity
stab event
stab motion
stab stroke
stab move
stab push
stab thrust
stability abstraction
stability attribute
stability entity
stability immobility
stability immovability
stability quality
stability steadiness
stability abstraction
stability attribute
stability entity
stability order
stability state
stabilization abstraction
stabilization act
stabilization entity
stabilization event
stabilization standardization
stabilization abstraction
stabilization act
stabilization action
stabilization change
stabilization entity
stabilization event
stabilization improvement
stabilize change
stabilizer abstraction
stabilizer chemical
stabilizer entity
stabilizer material
stabilizer matter
stabilizer part
stabilizer relation
stabilizer substance
stabilizer artifact
stabilizer device
stabilizer entity
stabilizer instrumentality
stabilizer object
stabilizer whole
stabilizer artifact
stabilizer device
stabilizer entity
stabilizer instrumentality
stabilizer object
stabilizer whole
stable artifact
stable building
stable entity
stable object
stable structure
stable whole
stable give
stable shelter
stable supply
stable transfer
stack abstraction
stack collection
stack entity
stack group
stack pile
stack change
stack fill
stack load
stack arrange
stack move
stack put
stack arrange
stack move
stack put
stadium artifact
stadium entity
stadium object
stadium structure
stadium whole
staff abstraction
staff entity
staff force
staff group
staff organization
staff artifact
staff entity
staff implement
staff instrumentality
staff object
staff stick
staff whole
staff abstraction
staff body
staff entity
staff group
staff artifact
staff entity
staff object
staff whole
staff abstraction
staff communication
staff entity
staff signal
staff symbol
staff abstraction
staff communication
staff entity
staff notation
staff writing
staff give
staff provide
staff transfer
staff serve
staff work
stag animal
stag buck
stag entity
stag mammal
stag object
stag organism
stag vertebrate
stag whole
stage artifact
stage entity
stage object
stage platform
stage surface
stage whole
stage abstraction
stage act
stage communication
stage entity
stage event
stage abstraction
stage act
stage action
stage change
stage entity
stage event
stage motion
stage travel
stage area
stage entity
stage location
stage object
stage region
stage scene
stage artifact
stage entity
stage object
stage platform
stage surface
stage whole
stage make
stage cause
stage initiate
stage make
stagger travel
stagger walk
stagger travel
stagger walk
stagger arrange
stagger move
stagger put
stagger arouse
stagger make
stagger overwhelm
staging abstraction
staging act
staging action
staging change
staging entity
staging event
staging motion
staging travel
staging abandonment
staging abstraction
staging act
staging discard
staging disposal
staging entity
staging event
stagnation abstraction
stagnation attribute
stagnation entity
stagnation inaction
stagnation state
stagnation abstraction
stagnation attribute
stagnation entity
stagnation inaction
stagnation state
stain abstraction
stain appearance
stain attribute
stain entity
stain quality
stain abstraction
stain entity
stain material
stain matter
stain part
stain relation
stain substance
stain change
stain dye
stain change
stain dye
staining abstraction
staining act
staining action
staining change
staining coloring
staining dyeing
staining entity
staining event
staining abstraction
staining act
staining action
staining change
staining entity
staining event
stairs artifact
stairs entity
stairs object
stairs stairway
stairs way
stairs whole
stairway artifact
stairway entity
stairway object
stairway way
stairway whole
stake artifact
stake device
stake entity
stake instrumentality
stake instrument
stake object
stake whole
stake abstraction
stake assets
stake entity
stake gamble
stake investment
stake possession
stake relation
stake speculation
stake artifact
stake device
stake entity
stake instrumentality
stake object
stake post
stake support
stake upright
stake whole
stake change
stake mark
stake attach
stake connect
stake fasten
stale excrete
stale exhaust
stale make
stalemate abstraction
stalemate draw
stalemate entity
stalemate event
stalemate finish
stalemate happening
stalemate move
stalk entity
stalk object
stalk whole
stalk abstraction
stalk act
stalk activity
stalk entity
stalk event
stalk hunt
stalk labor
stalk work
stalk abstraction
stalk act
stalk action
stalk change
stalk entity
stalk event
stalk motion
stalk pursuit
stalk abstraction
stalk act
stalk action
stalk change
stalk entity
stalk event
stalk gait
stalk locomotion
stalk motion
stalk walk
stalk travel
stalk walk
stalk pursue
stalk travel
stall area
stall artifact
stall compartment
stall entity
stall object
stall room
stall structure
stall whole
stall artifact
stall booth
stall entity
stall establishment
stall object
stall shop
stall structure
stall whole
stall abstraction
stall entity
stall event
stall failure
stall happening
stall malfunction
stall abstraction
stall entity
stall position
stall relation
stall room
stall seating
stall abstraction
stall act
stall entity
stall event
stall hindrance
stall obstruction
stall stop
stall change
stall decrease
stall delay
stall give
stall shelter
stall supply
stall transfer
stall stop
stallion animal
stallion entity
stallion horse
stallion male
stallion mammal
stallion object
stallion organism
stallion vertebrate
stallion whole
stamen entity
stamen object
stamen whole
stamina abstraction
stamina attribute
stamina endurance
stamina entity
stamina property
stamina strength
stamp abstraction
stamp class
stamp collection
stamp entity
stamp group
stamp abstraction
stamp communication
stamp entity
stamp signal
stamp symbol
stamp artifact
stamp device
stamp entity
stamp instrumentality
stamp machine
stamp object
stamp whole
stamp artifact
stamp die
stamp entity
stamp implement
stamp instrumentality
stamp object
stamp tool
stamp whole
stamp change
stamp impress
stamp qualify
stamp remember
stamp affix
stamp attach
stamp connect
stamp destroy
stamp extinguish
stamp make
stamp shape
stamp press
stamp squash
stamp touch
stampede abstraction
stampede act
stampede entity
stampede event
stampede abstraction
stampede entity
stampede event
stampede happening
stampede movement
stampede act
stampede flee
stampede leave
stampede scat
stance abstraction
stance attribute
stance entity
stance position
stance property
stand entity
stand location
stand object
stand point
stand position
stand abstraction
stand collection
stand entity
stand group
stand vegetation
stand artifact
stand entity
stand furnishing
stand furniture
stand instrumentality
stand object
stand table
stand whole
stand abstraction
stand ending
stand entity
stand event
stand happening
stand stop
stand abstraction
stand act
stand entity
stand event
stand stay
stand stop
stand abstraction
stand entity
stand position
stand relation
stand room
stand seating
stand abstraction
stand act
stand defense
stand entity
stand event
stand be
stand rest
stand be
stand contend
stand fight
stand resist
stand evaluate
stand think
stand be
stand stay
stand be
stand continue
stand be
stand measure
stand move
stand put
stand connect
stand copulate
stand join
stand serve
standard abstraction
standard entity
standard measure
standard abstraction
standard entity
standard measure
standard abstraction
standard attribute
standard entity
standard quality
standard value
standard worth
standard artifact
standard device
standard entity
standard instrumentality
standard object
standard post
standard support
standard upright
standard whole
standard artifact
standard decoration
standard design
standard emblem
standard entity
standard flag
standard object
standard whole
standardization abstraction
standardization attribute
standardization condition
standardization entity
standardization state
standardization abstraction
standardization act
standardization entity
standardization event
standardize decide
standardize regulate
standardize evaluate
standardize measure
standardize think
standby artifact
standby entity
standby object
standby thing
standby whole
standing abstraction
standing attribute
standing entity
standing state
standing status
standing abstraction
standing communication
standing database
standing entity
standing information
standing list
standing message
standing abstraction
standing act
standing action
standing change
standing entity
standing event
standing motion
stanza abstraction
stanza communication
stanza entity
stanza matter
stanza text
stanza writing
staple abstraction
staple entity
staple fiber
staple material
staple matter
staple part
staple relation
staple substance
staple artifact
staple device
staple entity
staple fastener
staple instrumentality
staple nail
staple object
staple restraint
staple whole
staple artifact
staple device
staple entity
staple fastener
staple instrumentality
staple object
staple restraint
staple whole
staple attach
staple connect
staple fasten
star entity
star object
star whole
star entity
star object
star whole
star actor
star entertainer
star entity
star object
star organism
star performer
star person
star whole
star abstraction
star attribute
star entity
star figure
star shape
star have
star perform
star change
star mark
starboard artifact
starboard entity
starboard object
starboard side
starboard surface
starboard whole
starboard control
starboard steer
starch abstraction
starch carbohydrate
starch chemical
starch compound
starch entity
starch material
starch matter
starch molecule
starch part
starch relation
starch substance
starch thing
starch unit
starch abstraction
starch chemical
starch compound
starch entity
starch formulation
starch material
starch matter
starch part
starch relation
starch substance
starch change
starch stiffen
stardust abstraction
stardust attribute
stardust entity
stardust quality
stardust romanticism
stare abstraction
stare act
stare activity
stare entity
stare event
stare look
starfish animal
starfish entity
starfish invertebrate
starfish object
starfish organism
starfish whole
start abstraction
start beginning
start entity
start event
start happening
start abstraction
start act
start activity
start entity
start event
start turn
start abstraction
start communication
start entity
start indication
start line
start mark
start abstraction
start advantage
start asset
start attribute
start entity
start quality
start begin
start compete
start play
start change
starter artifact
starter device
starter entity
starter instrumentality
starter machine
starter motor
starter object
starter whole
starter contestant
starter entity
starter object
starter organism
starter person
starter whole
starter entity
starter object
starter official
starter organism
starter person
starter whole
starter culture
starter entity
starter growth
starter process
startup abstraction
startup act
startup action
startup beginning
startup change
startup entity
startup event
starvation abstraction
starvation attribute
starvation condition
starvation drive
starvation entity
starvation hunger
starvation state
starvation abstraction
starvation act
starvation entity
starvation event
starve be
starve suffer
starve change
starve die
starve deny
starve deprive
starve have
starve keep
starve withhold
starve deny
starve deprive
starve have
starve keep
starve withhold
state district
state entity
state location
state object
state region
state abstraction
state attribute
state entity
state abstraction
state entity
state government
state group
state organization
state abstraction
state entity
state group
state organization
state unit
state abstraction
state attribute
state emotion
state entity
state feeling
state state
state express
statement abstraction
statement communication
statement entity
statement message
statement abstraction
statement communication
statement entity
statement music
statement theme
statement tune
statement abstraction
statement communication
statement entity
statement message
statement abstraction
statement communication
statement document
statement entity
statement writing
statesman entity
statesman leader
statesman object
statesman organism
statesman person
statesman politician
statesman whole
static abstraction
static entity
static event
static happening
static noise
static trouble
static abstraction
static communication
static criticism
static disapproval
static entity
static message
statics abstraction
statics cognition
statics content
statics discipline
statics entity
statics mechanics
statics physics
statics science
station artifact
station entity
station facility
station object
station whole
station entity
station location
station object
station point
station position
station abstraction
station entity
station frequency
station rate
station relation
station move
statistic abstraction
statistic cognition
statistic entity
statistic information
statistician entity
statistician mathematician
statistician object
statistician organism
statistician person
statistician scientist
statistician whole
statistician calculator
statistician entity
statistician expert
statistician object
statistician organism
statistician person
statistician whole
statistics abstraction
statistics cognition
statistics content
statistics discipline
statistics entity
statistics mathematics
statistics science
statue abstraction
statue art
statue artifact
statue attribute
statue creation
statue entity
statue figure
statue object
statue sculpture
statue shape
statue whole
stature abstraction
stature attribute
stature entity
stature esteem
stature honor
stature standing
stature state
stature status
stature abstraction
stature attribute
stature entity
stature property
status abstraction
status attribute
status entity
status state
stay abstraction
stay act
stay entity
stay event
stay abstraction
stay act
stay communication
stay decree
stay document
stay entity
stay writing
stay artifact
stay entity
stay object
stay strip
stay whole
stay artifact
stay brace
stay device
stay entity
stay instrumentality
stay object
stay support
stay whole
stay be
stay change
stay check
stay prevent
stay stop
stay attach
stay connect
stay fasten
steadiness abstraction
steadiness attribute
steadiness entity
steadiness resoluteness
steadiness trait
steadiness abstraction
steadiness attribute
steadiness entity
steadiness immobility
steadiness immovability
steadiness quality
steadiness abstraction
steadiness attribute
steadiness entity
steadiness quality
steadiness regularity
steady change
steady stabilize
steak cut
steak entity
steak food
steak matter
steak meat
steak solid
steal abstraction
steal act
steal activity
steal baseball
steal diversion
steal entity
steal event
steal game
steal sport
steal take
steal move
steal gain
stealth abstraction
stealth act
stealth activity
stealth entity
stealth event
steam abstraction
steam entity
steam matter
steam mixture
steam part
steam relation
steam substance
steam suspension
steam vapor
steam emit
steam rise
steam travel
steam anger
steam feel
steam change
steam clean
steam change
steam cook
steamer artifact
steamer entity
steamer implement
steamer instrumentality
steamer object
steamer utensil
steamer whole
steamer artifact
steamer conveyance
steamer craft
steamer entity
steamer instrumentality
steamer object
steamer ship
steamer vehicle
steamer vessel
steamer whole
steamer travel
steel abstraction
steel alloy
steel entity
steel matter
steel mixture
steel part
steel relation
steel substance
steel artifact
steel entity
steel implement
steel instrumentality
steel object
steel whole
steel brace
steel change
steel fix
steel cover
steelyard artifact
steelyard balance
steelyard device
steelyard entity
steelyard instrumentality
steelyard instrument
steelyard object
steelyard scale
steelyard whole
steep descent
steep entity
steep object
steep slope
steep concentrate
steep think
steep change
steep fill
steep impregnate
steep soak
steeple artifact
steeple entity
steeple object
steeple structure
steeple tower
steeple whole
steer control
stem artifact
stem conduit
stem entity
stem object
stem passage
stem tube
stem way
stem whole
stem move
stem orient
stem position
stem put
stem check
stem stop
stem remove
step abstraction
step act
step action
step change
step entity
step event
step locomotion
step motion
step artifact
step device
step entity
step instrumentality
step object
step support
step whole
step abstraction
step entity
step measure
step artifact
step block
step entity
step object
step whole
step travel
step compel
step enforce
step induce
step run
step give
step supply
step transfer
step travel
step walk
step move
step put
step change
step move
stepfather adult
stepfather ancestor
stepfather entity
stepfather male
stepfather man
stepfather object
stepfather organism
stepfather parent
stepfather person
stepfather relative
stepfather whole
steps entity
steps line
steps location
steps object
steps path
stereo artifact
stereo entity
stereo equipment
stereo instrumentality
stereo object
stereo system
stereo whole
stereo artifact
stereo creation
stereo entity
stereo object
stereo photograph
stereo representation
stereo whole
stereotype abstraction
stereotype cognition
stereotype content
stereotype entity
stereotype representation
sterilization abstraction
sterilization act
sterilization activity
sterilization entity
sterilization event
sterilization operation
sterilization procedure
sterilization abstraction
sterilization act
sterilization action
sterilization change
sterilization cleaning
sterilization entity
sterilization event
sterilization improvement
sterilize change
sterilize clean
sterilize treat
sterling abstraction
sterling currency
sterling entity
sterling measure
sterling money
sterling standard
stern artifact
stern entity
stern object
stern rear
stern side
stern surface
stern whole
sternum bone
sternum entity
sternum part
sternum thing
sternum tissue
steroid abstraction
steroid chemical
steroid compound
steroid entity
steroid material
steroid matter
steroid part
steroid relation
steroid substance
stew dish
stew entity
stew food
stew matter
stew substance
stew dislike
stew resent
stew change
stew cook
steward entity
steward object
steward organism
steward person
steward whole
steward entity
steward mariner
steward object
steward officer
steward organism
steward person
steward sailor
steward whole
steward worker
steward assistant
steward attendant
steward entity
steward object
steward organism
steward person
steward whole
steward worker
stewardship abstraction
stewardship act
stewardship activity
stewardship entity
stewardship event
stewardship occupation
stewardship position
stick artifact
stick entity
stick implement
stick instrumentality
stick object
stick whole
stick branch
stick entity
stick limb
stick object
stick stalk
stick whole
stick artifact
stick bar
stick entity
stick implement
stick instrumentality
stick lever
stick object
stick whole
stick butter
stick condiment
stick entity
stick food
stick foodstuff
stick ingredient
stick matter
stick solid
stick spread
stick substance
stick artifact
stick entity
stick equipment
stick instrumentality
stick object
stick whole
stick artifact
stick entity
stick implement
stick instrumentality
stick object
stick whole
stick abstraction
stick act
stick entity
stick event
stick punishment
stick be
stick persist
stick change
stick decorate
stick attach
stick connect
stick fasten
stick join
stick attach
stick connect
stick fasten
stick join
stick attach
stick connect
stick fasten
stick join
stick enter
stick penetrate
stick pierce
stick enter
stick penetrate
stick pierce
stick compel
stick force
stick induce
stiff adult
stiff entity
stiff male
stiff man
stiff object
stiff organism
stiff person
stiff whole
stiffen change
stiffen control
stiffen forget
stiffen inhibit
stiffen restrain
stiffen restrict
stiffen suppress
stiffness abstraction
stiffness attribute
stiffness entity
stiffness property
stiffness abstraction
stiffness attribute
stiffness carriage
stiffness entity
stiffness property
stiffness abstraction
stiffness attribute
stiffness entity
stiffness resoluteness
stiffness trait
stifle entity
stifle joint
stifle part
stifle thing
stifle control
stifle forget
stifle inhibit
stifle restrain
stifle suppress
stigma entity
stigma object
stigma whole
stigma entity
stigma orifice
stigma part
stigma passage
stigma structure
stigma thing
stigma abstraction
stigma appearance
stigma attribute
stigma blemish
stigma entity
stigma quality
stigmatization abstraction
stigmatization act
stigmatization disapproval
stigmatization entity
stigmatization event
stigmatization judgment
stiletto artifact
stiletto dagger
stiletto device
stiletto entity
stiletto instrumentality
stiletto instrument
stiletto knife
stiletto object
stiletto weapon
stiletto whole
still artifact
still creation
still entity
still object
still photograph
still representation
still whole
still apparatus
still artifact
still entity
still equipment
still instrumentality
still object
still whole
still comfort
still change
stilt artifact
stilt entity
stilt implement
stilt instrumentality
stilt object
stilt pole
stilt rod
stilt whole
stilt animal
stilt bird
stilt entity
stilt object
stilt organism
stilt vertebrate
stilt whole
stilt animal
stilt bird
stilt entity
stilt object
stilt organism
stilt vertebrate
stilt whole
stimulant agent
stimulant drug
stimulant entity
stimulant matter
stimulant substance
stimulate affect
stimulate change
stimulate arouse
stimulate make
stimulate affect
stimulate change
stimulation abstraction
stimulation act
stimulation action
stimulation arousal
stimulation change
stimulation entity
stimulation event
stimulation abstraction
stimulation cognition
stimulation entity
stimulation information
stimulation entity
stimulation process
sting abstraction
sting cognition
sting entity
sting evidence
sting information
sting pain
sting symptom
sting abstraction
sting attribute
sting condition
sting entity
sting injury
sting state
sting enter
sting penetrate
sting pierce
sting arouse
sting hurt
sting make
stinger abstraction
stinger agent
stinger alcohol
stinger beverage
stinger cocktail
stinger drug
stinger entity
stinger fluid
stinger food
stinger liquid
stinger matter
stinger part
stinger relation
stinger substance
stinger abstraction
stinger abuse
stinger communication
stinger entity
stinger message
stinger artifact
stinger conveyance
stinger device
stinger entity
stinger instrumentality
stinger instrument
stinger missile
stinger object
stinger rocket
stinger vehicle
stinger weapon
stinger whole
stinger entity
stinger organ
stinger part
stinger thing
stinger abstraction
stinger act
stinger action
stinger blow
stinger change
stinger entity
stinger event
stinger motion
stinger stroke
stinginess abstraction
stinginess attribute
stinginess entity
stinginess trait
stink be
stint abstraction
stint act
stint activity
stint duty
stint entity
stint event
stint job
stint work
stint give
stint supply
stint transfer
stipend abstraction
stipend cost
stipend entity
stipend payment
stipend possession
stipend relation
stipulate contract
stipulate declare
stipulate express
stipulate promise
stipulate state
stipulate declare
stipulate express
stipulate guarantee
stipulate pledge
stipulate promise
stipulate state
stipulate contract
stipulate declare
stipulate express
stipulate promise
stipulate state
stipulation abstraction
stipulation act
stipulation agreement
stipulation concession
stipulation entity
stipulation event
stipulation abstraction
stipulation act
stipulation activity
stipulation control
stipulation entity
stipulation event
stipulation restraint
stipulation restriction
stir abstraction
stir attribute
stir disorder
stir disturbance
stir entity
stir state
stir abstraction
stir agitation
stir attribute
stir entity
stir feeling
stir state
stir move
stir work
stirring abstraction
stirring act
stirring action
stirring agitation
stirring change
stirring entity
stirring event
stirring motion
stirrup artifact
stirrup device
stirrup entity
stirrup instrumentality
stirrup object
stirrup support
stirrup whole
stitch artifact
stitch creation
stitch entity
stitch object
stitch sewing
stitch whole
stitch abstraction
stitch cognition
stitch entity
stitch evidence
stitch information
stitch pain
stitch symptom
stock abstraction
stock assets
stock capital
stock entity
stock possession
stock relation
stock artifact
stock commodity
stock entity
stock merchandise
stock object
stock whole
stock artifact
stock device
stock entity
stock handle
stock instrumentality
stock object
stock part
stock support
stock whole
stock abstraction
stock attribute
stock entity
stock honor
stock repute
stock standing
stock state
stock status
stock entity
stock object
stock stalk
stock whole
stock entity
stock object
stock whole
stock entity
stock flower
stock object
stock organism
stock plant
stock whole
stock artifact
stock entity
stock lumber
stock object
stock whole
stock entity
stock handle
stock object
stock part
stock have
stock equip
stock give
stock supply
stock transfer
stock give
stock supply
stock transfer
stock give
stock supply
stock transfer
stock give
stock supply
stock transfer
stock give
stock supply
stock transfer
stockholder capitalist
stockholder entity
stockholder investor
stockholder object
stockholder organism
stockholder person
stockholder whole
stocking artifact
stocking clothing
stocking commodity
stocking covering
stocking entity
stocking footwear
stocking object
stocking whole
stocking abstraction
stocking act
stocking activity
stocking entity
stocking event
stocking provision
stocks artifact
stocks entity
stocks framework
stocks object
stocks structure
stocks whole
stocks artifact
stocks entity
stocks framework
stocks object
stocks structure
stocks whole
stocks artifact
stocks device
stocks entity
stocks instrumentality
stocks instrument
stocks object
stocks whole
stockyard area
stockyard artifact
stockyard enclosure
stockyard entity
stockyard object
stockyard structure
stockyard whole
stockyard yard
stoicism abstraction
stoicism attribute
stoicism entity
stoicism trait
stoicism abstraction
stoicism belief
stoicism cognition
stoicism content
stoicism doctrine
stoicism entity
stole artifact
stole clothing
stole commodity
stole covering
stole entity
stole garment
stole object
stole whole
stomach entity
stomach organ
stomach part
stomach thing
stomach abstraction
stomach attribute
stomach entity
stomach feeling
stomach inclination
stomach liking
stomach state
stomach abstraction
stomach appetite
stomach attribute
stomach desire
stomach entity
stomach feeling
stomach state
stomach affect
stomach change
stomach digest
stomach process
stomp abstraction
stomp act
stomp activity
stomp cognition
stomp content
stomp dancing
stomp discipline
stomp diversion
stomp entity
stomp event
stomp travel
stomp walk
stone artifact
stone entity
stone object
stone whole
stone abstraction
stone entity
stone measure
stone covering
stone entity
stone object
stone whole
stone abstraction
stone attribute
stone coldness
stone entity
stone trait
stone kill
stoner attacker
stoner entity
stoner object
stoner organism
stoner person
stoner whole
stoneware artifact
stoneware entity
stoneware implement
stoneware instrumentality
stoneware object
stoneware utensil
stoneware whole
stoning abstraction
stoning act
stoning entity
stoning event
stoning punishment
stooge cruise
stooge travel
stooge act
stooge make
stooge perform
stooge act
stool artifact
stool entity
stool furnishing
stool furniture
stool instrumentality
stool object
stool seat
stool whole
stool entity
stool object
stool stump
stool whole
stool ask
stool challenge
stool communicate
stool convey
stool invite
stool move
stool provoke
stool request
stool transfer
stool act
stool react
stool change
stool grow
stool excrete
stool exhaust
stop abstraction
stop ending
stop entity
stop event
stop happening
stop abstraction
stop act
stop entity
stop event
stop abstraction
stop act
stop entity
stop event
stop stay
stop entity
stop location
stop object
stop point
stop entity
stop handle
stop knob
stop object
stop part
stop prevent
stop break
stop change
stop end
stop interrupt
stopper abstraction
stopper card
stopper entity
stopper material
stopper matter
stopper paper
stopper part
stopper relation
stopper substance
stopper better
stopper change
stopper close
stopper fill
stopper plug
stopper repair
stopping abstraction
stopping act
stopping activity
stopping cognition
stopping content
stopping discipline
stopping diversion
stopping entertainment
stopping entity
stopping event
stopping performance
stopping presentation
stopping show
storage abstraction
storage act
storage activity
storage control
storage entity
storage event
storage possession
storage retention
storage abstraction
storage act
storage commerce
storage entity
storage event
storage transaction
storage entity
storage operation
storage processing
storage process
store abstraction
store accumulation
store assets
store entity
store gain
store income
store possession
store relation
store sum
store have
store keep
store have
store keep
storehouse artifact
storehouse depository
storehouse entity
storehouse facility
storehouse object
storehouse whole
stork animal
stork bird
stork entity
stork object
stork organism
stork vertebrate
stork whole
storm entity
storm phenomenon
storm process
storm abstraction
storm attribute
storm disorder
storm disturbance
storm entity
storm state
storm abstraction
storm act
storm assault
storm battle
storm entity
storm event
storm enter
storm penetrate
storm blow
storm attack
storm contend
story abstraction
story communication
story entity
story fiction
story writing
storybook artifact
storybook book
storybook creation
storybook entity
storybook object
storybook product
storybook publication
storybook whole
storybook work
storyline abstraction
storyline communication
storyline entity
storyline fiction
storyline plot
storyline story
storyline writing
storyteller deceiver
storyteller entity
storyteller liar
storyteller object
storyteller organism
storyteller person
storyteller whole
stout abstraction
stout agent
stout alcohol
stout ale
stout beer
stout beverage
stout brew
stout drug
stout entity
stout fluid
stout food
stout liquid
stout matter
stout part
stout relation
stout substance
stout abstraction
stout attribute
stout entity
stout property
stout size
stove appliance
stove artifact
stove commodity
stove entity
stove object
stove whole
stove artifact
stove device
stove entity
stove heater
stove instrumentality
stove object
stove whole
straggle abstraction
straggle entity
straggle group
straggler entity
straggler object
straggler organism
straggler person
straggler whole
straight abstraction
straight collection
straight entity
straight group
straight hand
straightaway entity
straightaway object
straightaway part
straightaway section
straighten change
straighten arrange
straighten move
straighten put
straightness abstraction
straightness attribute
straightness curvature
straightness entity
straightness property
straightness shape
straightness abstraction
straightness attribute
straightness entity
straightness property
straightness shape
strain abstraction
strain change
strain deformation
strain entity
strain event
strain happening
strain abstraction
strain attribute
strain condition
strain entity
strain nervousness
strain state
strain abstraction
strain attribute
strain condition
strain entity
strain injury
strain state
strain abstraction
strain act
strain activity
strain effort
strain entity
strain event
strain labor
strain work
strain use
strain change
strain tighten
strainer artifact
strainer device
strainer entity
strainer filter
strainer instrumentality
strainer object
strainer whole
strait channel
strait entity
strait thing
straitjacket abstraction
straitjacket cognition
straitjacket difficulty
straitjacket entity
straitjacket hindrance
straitjacket artifact
straitjacket clothing
straitjacket commodity
straitjacket covering
straitjacket entity
straitjacket garment
straitjacket object
straitjacket whole
strand abstraction
strand cognition
strand entity
strand form
strand structure
strand artifact
strand entity
strand line
strand object
strand whole
strand entity
strand object
strand shore
strand bring
strand land
strand move
strand transport
stranger entity
stranger intruder
stranger object
stranger organism
stranger person
stranger traveler
stranger whole
stranger entity
stranger object
stranger organism
stranger person
stranger whole
stranglehold abstraction
stranglehold attribute
stranglehold entity
stranglehold power
stranglehold quality
stranglehold abstraction
stranglehold act
stranglehold activity
stranglehold clasp
stranglehold control
stranglehold entity
stranglehold event
stranglehold grasping
strap artifact
strap entity
strap implement
strap instrumentality
strap object
strap whole
strap artifact
strap device
strap entity
strap hanger
strap instrumentality
strap object
strap support
strap whole
strap artifact
strap band
strap entity
strap object
strap strip
strap whole
strap artifact
strap device
strap entity
strap instrumentality
strap instrument
strap object
strap whip
strap whole
strap attach
strap connect
strap fasten
strap tie
strap change
strap sharpen
strap attach
strap connect
strap fasten
strategist entity
strategist object
strategist organism
strategist person
strategist planner
strategist whole
strategy abstraction
strategy cognition
strategy content
strategy discipline
strategy entity
stratosphere entity
stratosphere layer
stratosphere location
stratosphere object
stratosphere region
stratus cloud
stratus entity
stratus phenomenon
stratus process
straw abstraction
straw entity
straw fiber
straw material
straw matter
straw part
straw relation
straw substance
straw artifact
straw conduit
straw entity
straw object
straw passage
straw tube
straw way
straw whole
straw cover
strawberry berry
strawberry entity
strawberry food
strawberry fruit
strawberry matter
strawberry object
strawberry produce
strawberry solid
strawberry whole
strawberry entity
strawberry herb
strawberry object
strawberry organism
strawberry plant
strawberry whole
strawberry abstraction
strawberry appearance
strawberry attribute
strawberry birthmark
strawberry blemish
strawberry entity
strawberry quality
stray animal
stray entity
stray object
stray organism
stray whole
stray travel
streak abstraction
streak arrangement
streak entity
streak group
streak series
streak succession
streak abstraction
streak attribute
streak characteristic
streak entity
streak quality
streak abstraction
streak entity
streak event
streak flash
streak happening
streak move
streak run
streak travel
stream entity
stream thing
stream abstraction
stream arrangement
stream course
stream entity
stream group
stream series
stream abstraction
stream attribute
stream entity
stream motion
stream state
stream float
stream travel
stream excrete
stream exhaust
stream exude
stream move
stream run
street artifact
street entity
street object
street road
street thoroughfare
street way
street whole
street artifact
street entity
street object
street road
street thoroughfare
street way
street whole
street abstraction
street attribute
street entity
street environment
street situation
street state
street abstraction
street attribute
street being
street entity
street opportunity
street possibility
street state
street abstraction
street community
street entity
street gathering
street group
street neighborhood
streetcar artifact
streetcar container
streetcar conveyance
streetcar entity
streetcar instrumentality
streetcar object
streetcar vehicle
streetcar whole
streetlight artifact
streetlight device
streetlight entity
streetlight instrumentality
streetlight lamp
streetlight object
streetlight whole
streetwalker adult
streetwalker entity
streetwalker female
streetwalker object
streetwalker organism
streetwalker person
streetwalker prostitute
streetwalker whole
streetwalker woman
strength abstraction
strength attribute
strength entity
strength property
strength abstraction
strength attribute
strength condition
strength entity
strength fortune
strength prosperity
strength state
strengthen change
strengthening abstraction
strengthening change
strengthening entity
strengthening event
strengthening happening
strengthening transformation
strengthening abstraction
strengthening act
strengthening action
strengthening change
strengthening entity
strengthening event
strengthening increase
stress abstraction
stress communication
stress entity
stress abstraction
stress attribute
stress emphasis
stress entity
stress importance
stress standing
stress state
stress status
stress abstraction
stress attribute
stress condition
stress difficulty
stress entity
stress state
stress entity
stress force
stress phenomenon
stress process
stress act
stress communicate
stress convey
stress express
stress impart
stress inform
stress interact
stress tell
stress pronounce
stretch abstraction
stretch attribute
stretch entity
stretch expanse
stretch location
stretch object
stretch shape
stretch space
stretch entity
stretch object
stretch part
stretch section
stretch straightaway
stretch abstraction
stretch act
stretch activity
stretch effort
stretch entity
stretch event
stretch exercise
stretch labor
stretch work
stretch abstraction
stretch act
stretch action
stretch change
stretch entity
stretch event
stretch expansion
stretch extension
stretch increase
stretch abstraction
stretch duration
stretch entity
stretch measure
stretch abstraction
stretch attribute
stretch elasticity
stretch entity
stretch property
stretch be
stretch affect
stretch change
stretch tense
stretch change
stretch grow
stretch increase
stretch change
stretch move
stretch pull
stretch change
stretch increase
stretch widen
stretch move
stretcher artifact
stretcher entity
stretcher framework
stretcher object
stretcher structure
stretcher whole
stretcher artifact
stretcher device
stretcher entity
stretcher instrumentality
stretcher mechanism
stretcher object
stretcher whole
stretcher artifact
stretcher conveyance
stretcher entity
stretcher instrumentality
stretcher litter
stretcher object
stretcher whole
strictness abstraction
strictness attentiveness
strictness attribute
strictness carefulness
strictness entity
strictness trait
stride abstraction
stride act
stride action
stride advancement
stride change
stride development
stride entity
stride event
stride improvement
stride travel
stride walk
stride pass
stride travel
stride traverse
strider entity
strider object
strider organism
strider pedestrian
strider person
strider traveler
strider whole
strife abstraction
strife act
strife conflict
strife entity
strife event
strike abstraction
strike act
strike entity
strike event
strike protest
strike resistance
strike abstraction
strike act
strike activity
strike attack
strike entity
strike event
strike operation
strike abstraction
strike accomplishment
strike act
strike action
strike attainment
strike entity
strike event
strike score
strike success
strike abstraction
strike act
strike entity
strike event
strike pitch
strike propulsion
strike throw
strike touch
strike attack
strike contend
strike act
strike communicate
strike indicate
strike inform
strike interact
strike read
strike evaluate
strike oppose
strike protest
strike refute
strike reject
strike think
strike touch
strike change
strike shape
strike make
strike delete
strike remove
strike enter
strike penetrate
strike solve
strike understand
strikeout abstraction
strikeout act
strikeout entity
strikeout event
strikeout failure
strikeout out
striker athlete
striker contestant
striker entity
striker object
striker organism
striker person
striker whole
striker entity
striker object
striker organism
striker person
striker serviceman
striker whole
striker worker
striker entity
striker object
striker organism
striker person
striker whole
striker artifact
striker device
striker entity
striker instrumentality
striker mechanism
striker object
striker whole
string artifact
string cord
string entity
string line
string object
string whole
string artifact
string cord
string entity
string line
string object
string whole
string abstraction
string arrangement
string entity
string group
string series
string abstraction
string arrangement
string entity
string group
string sequence
string series
string abstraction
string entity
string fiber
string material
string matter
string part
string relation
string substance
string body
string entity
string object
string particle
string whole
string abstraction
string collection
string entity
string group
string arrange
string move
string put
string add
string change
string increase
string advance
string travel
string arrange
string move
string put
string attach
string connect
string fasten
string remove
string change
stringency abstraction
stringency attribute
stringency condition
stringency entity
stringency lack
stringency need
stringency state
strip entity
strip part
strip thing
strip artifact
strip entity
strip object
strip whole
strip artifact
strip entity
strip lumber
strip object
strip whole
strip abstraction
strip act
strip activity
strip cognition
strip content
strip dancing
strip discipline
strip diversion
strip entity
strip event
strip show
strip remove
strip change
strip smooth
strip remove
strip draw
strip milk
strip remove
stripe abstraction
stripe badge
stripe cognition
stripe emblem
stripe entity
stripe process
stripe symbol
stripe abstraction
stripe category
stripe cognition
stripe concept
stripe content
stripe entity
stripe idea
stripe kind
stripe artifact
stripe decoration
stripe design
stripe entity
stripe marking
stripe object
stripe whole
stripe change
stripe mark
strive act
strive fight
strive try
strive tug
striving abstraction
striving act
striving activity
striving attempt
striving entity
striving event
stroke abstraction
stroke act
stroke action
stroke change
stroke entity
stroke event
stroke maneuver
stroke motion
stroke abstraction
stroke affliction
stroke attack
stroke entity
stroke event
stroke happening
stroke trouble
stroke abstraction
stroke contact
stroke entity
stroke event
stroke happening
stroke touch
stroke abstraction
stroke act
stroke entity
stroke event
stroke touch
stroke abstraction
stroke entity
stroke measure
stroke number
stroke score
stroke boatman
stroke entity
stroke object
stroke organism
stroke person
stroke whole
stroke worker
stroke abstraction
stroke communication
stroke entity
stroke indication
stroke mark
stroke abstraction
stroke act
stroke action
stroke change
stroke entity
stroke event
stroke locomotion
stroke motion
stroke abstraction
stroke act
stroke action
stroke change
stroke entity
stroke event
stroke motion
stroke touch
stroke attack
stroke contend
stroke strike
stroke boat
stroke ride
stroke row
stroke travel
stroke evaluate
stroke flatter
stroke measure
stroke praise
stroke think
stroll travel
stroll walk
stronghold artifact
stronghold entity
stronghold object
stronghold structure
stronghold whole
structure artifact
structure entity
structure object
structure whole
structure abstraction
structure attribute
structure constitution
structure entity
structure property
structure abstraction
structure cognition
structure entity
structure part
structure thing
structure arrange
structure move
structure organize
structure put
strudel entity
strudel food
strudel matter
strudel pastry
strudel solid
struggle abstraction
struggle act
struggle activity
struggle attempt
struggle entity
struggle event
struggle abstraction
struggle act
struggle activity
struggle effort
struggle entity
struggle event
struggle labor
struggle work
struggle act
struggle endeavor
struggle try
struggler entity
struggler object
struggler organism
struggler person
struggler whole
strum abstraction
strum entity
strum event
strum happening
strum sound
stub entity
stub object
stub whole
stub abstraction
stub communication
stub entity
stub message
stub receipt
stub abstraction
stub communication
stub entity
stub evidence
stub indication
stub record
stub move
stub uproot
stub remove
stub weed
stub hit
stub touch
stubbornness abstraction
stubbornness attribute
stubbornness entity
stubbornness trait
stubbornness abstraction
stubbornness attribute
stubbornness entity
stubbornness resoluteness
stubbornness trait
stucco abstraction
stucco artifact
stucco entity
stucco matter
stucco mixture
stucco object
stucco part
stucco plaster
stucco relation
stucco substance
stucco whole
stucco change
stucco decorate
stucco coat
stucco cover
stud adult
stud entity
stud male
stud man
stud object
stud organism
stud person
stud whole
stud artifact
stud decoration
stud entity
stud object
stud whole
stud animal
stud entity
stud horse
stud male
stud mammal
stud object
stud organism
stud stallion
stud vertebrate
stud whole
stud abstraction
stud act
stud activity
stud entity
stud event
stud game
stud poker
stud add
stud change
stud increase
student entity
student object
student organism
student person
student whole
studentship abstraction
studentship act
studentship activity
studentship entity
studentship event
studentship occupation
studentship position
studio entity
studio location
studio object
studio point
studio workplace
studio entity
studio location
studio object
studio point
studio workplace
study abstraction
study cognition
study entity
study learning
study process
study ability
study abstraction
study attention
study cognition
study concentration
study entity
study faculty
study area
study artifact
study entity
study object
study room
study structure
study whole
study entity
study learner
study object
study organism
study person
study whole
study abstraction
study communication
study entity
study music
study think
study learn
study think
stuff entity
stuff object
stuff abstraction
stuff entity
stuff possession
stuff property
stuff relation
stuff abstraction
stuff communication
stuff entity
stuff message
stuff nonsense
stuff abstraction
stuff attribute
stuff entity
stuff quality
stuff abstraction
stuff communication
stuff entity
stuff information
stuff message
stuff abstraction
stuff cognition
stuff content
stuff entity
stuff kernel
stuff cram
stuff move
stuff put
stuff clog
stuff impede
stuff obstruct
stuff prevent
stuff change
stuff fill
stuff impregnate
stuff change
stuff fill
stuffing concoction
stuffing entity
stuffing food
stuffing foodstuff
stuffing matter
stuffing substance
stuffing artifact
stuffing entity
stuffing object
stuffing whole
stumble travel
stumble walk
stumble move
stumble get
stump entity
stump object
stump whole
stump entity
stump part
stump thing
stump artifact
stump device
stump entity
stump instrumentality
stump object
stump post
stump support
stump upright
stump whole
stump be
stump confuse
stump campaign
stump compete
stump race
stump clear
stump remove
stun change
stun decrease
stun limit
stun restrict
stun change
stunt abstraction
stunt accomplishment
stunt act
stunt action
stunt entity
stunt event
stunt feat
stunt animal
stunt entity
stunt object
stunt organism
stunt whole
stunt impede
stunt prevent
stunt perform
stupid entity
stupid object
stupid organism
stupid person
stupid simpleton
stupid whole
stupidity abstraction
stupidity cognition
stupidity entity
stupidity inability
stupidity abstraction
stupidity act
stupidity entity
stupidity event
stupidity mistake
sturdiness abstraction
sturdiness attribute
sturdiness condition
sturdiness entity
sturdiness state
sturdiness abstraction
sturdiness attribute
sturdiness entity
sturdiness property
sturdiness strength
sturdiness abstraction
sturdiness attribute
sturdiness entity
sturdiness resoluteness
sturdiness trait
style abstraction
style category
style cognition
style concept
style content
style entity
style idea
style kind
style entity
style object
style whole
style abstraction
style communication
style direction
style entity
style message
style entity
style part
style process
style thing
style designate
style label
style name
style make
style act
style communicate
style interact
style write
stylist artist
stylist creator
stylist entity
stylist object
stylist organism
stylist person
stylist whole
stylus artifact
stylus device
stylus entity
stylus instrumentality
stylus object
stylus whole
stylus artifact
stylus entity
stylus implement
stylus instrumentality
stylus object
stylus tool
stylus whole
subclass abstraction
subclass entity
subclass group
subcontinent entity
subcontinent land
subcontinent landmass
subcontinent object
subculture abstraction
subculture entity
subculture group
subdivide change
subdivide separate
subdivide change
subdivide divide
subdivision entity
subdivision location
subdivision object
subdivision region
subdivision tract
subdivision abstraction
subdivision act
subdivision action
subdivision change
subdivision division
subdivision entity
subdivision event
subdivision separation
subgroup abstraction
subgroup entity
subgroup group
subgroup abstraction
subgroup entity
subgroup group
subgroup set
subject abstraction
subject communication
subject entity
subject message
subject entity
subject thing
subject abstraction
subject arrangement
subject communication
subject constituent
subject entity
subject group
subject language
subject sequence
subject series
subject string
subject entity
subject object
subject organism
subject person
subject whole
subject abstraction
subject arrangement
subject communication
subject constituent
subject entity
subject group
subject language
subject sequence
subject series
subject string
subject term
subject affect
subject change
subject submit
subjugate control
subjugate dominate
subjugation abstraction
subjugation attribute
subjugation entity
subjugation relationship
subjugation state
sublimation abstraction
sublimation change
sublimation entity
sublimation event
sublimation happening
sublimation transformation
sublimation abstraction
sublimation change
sublimation entity
sublimation event
sublimation happening
sublime change
sublimity abstraction
sublimity attribute
sublimity entity
sublimity honorableness
sublimity morality
sublimity nobility
sublimity quality
sublimity righteousness
submarine artifact
submarine conveyance
submarine craft
submarine entity
submarine instrumentality
submarine object
submarine ship
submarine vehicle
submarine vessel
submarine warship
submarine whole
submarine glide
submarine skid
submarine travel
submarine fling
submarine flip
submarine move
submarine throw
submarine down
submarine strike
submarine touch
submarine handle
submarine manipulate
submarine operate
submarine touch
submarine attack
submarine contend
submerge descend
submerge sink
submerge travel
submerge cover
submerge touch
submerge enter
submerge immerse
submerge penetrate
submission abstraction
submission communication
submission entity
submission message
submission abstraction
submission act
submission entity
submission event
submission abstraction
submission attribute
submission condition
submission entity
submission state
submission abstraction
submission agreement
submission communication
submission document
submission entity
submission message
submission statement
submission writing
submission abstraction
submission agreement
submission communication
submission entity
submission message
submission statement
submission abstraction
submission assertion
submission communication
submission contention
submission declaration
submission entity
submission message
submission statement
submit move
submit refer
submit send
submit declare
submit express
submit propose
submit state
submit accept
submit act
submit react
submit yield
subordinate assistant
subordinate entity
subordinate object
subordinate organism
subordinate person
subordinate whole
subordinate worker
subordinate evaluate
subordinate rate
subordinate think
subordinate change
subordinate lower
subordination abstraction
subordination attribute
subordination dependence
subordination entity
subordination state
subordination abstraction
subordination entity
subordination relation
subordination abstraction
subordination attribute
subordination entity
subordination obedience
subordination trait
subscribe offer
subscribe agree
subscribe buy
subscribe get
subscriber advocate
subscriber entity
subscriber object
subscriber organism
subscriber person
subscriber supporter
subscriber whole
subscriber consumer
subscriber customer
subscriber entity
subscriber object
subscriber organism
subscriber person
subscriber user
subscriber whole
subscriber benefactor
subscriber donor
subscriber entity
subscriber object
subscriber organism
subscriber person
subscriber whole
subscript abstraction
subscript character
subscript communication
subscript entity
subscript signal
subscript symbol
subscription abstraction
subscription cost
subscription entity
subscription payment
subscription possession
subscription relation
subscription abstraction
subscription act
subscription agreement
subscription entity
subscription event
subscription abstraction
subscription act
subscription contribution
subscription distribution
subscription entity
subscription event
subscription giving
subscription abstraction
subscription act
subscription activity
subscription entity
subscription event
subscription handwriting
subscription writing
subsection entity
subsection object
subsection part
subsection section
subservience abstraction
subservience attribute
subservience condition
subservience entity
subservience state
subservience abstraction
subservience attribute
subservience entity
subservience inferiority
subservience state
subservience status
subset abstraction
subset entity
subset set
subside change
subside decrease
subside weaken
subside decline
subside descend
subside dip
subside drop
subside travel
subside descend
subside sink
subside travel
subsidy abstraction
subsidy acquisition
subsidy aid
subsidy entity
subsidy gift
subsidy grant
subsidy possession
subsidy relation
subsistence abstraction
subsistence assets
subsistence entity
subsistence possession
subsistence relation
subsistence resource
subsistence support
subsistence abstraction
subsistence animation
subsistence attribute
subsistence being
subsistence entity
subsistence state
subsistence survival
subsistence abstraction
subsistence attribute
subsistence being
subsistence entity
subsistence state
subsoil abstraction
subsoil earth
subsoil entity
subsoil material
subsoil matter
subsoil part
subsoil relation
subsoil soil
subsoil substance
subspecies abstraction
subspecies entity
subspecies group
substance abstraction
substance entity
substance matter
substance part
substance relation
substance entity
substance matter
substantiate change
substantiate strengthen
substantive abstraction
substantive entity
substantive part
substantive relation
substantive word
substation artifact
substation entity
substation facility
substation object
substation station
substation whole
substitute abstraction
substitute cognition
substitute entity
substitute equivalent
substitute athlete
substitute contestant
substitute entity
substitute object
substitute organism
substitute person
substitute whole
substitute change
substitute exchange
substitute transfer
substitute succeed
substitution abstraction
substitution change
substitution entity
substitution event
substitution happening
substitution variation
substitution abstraction
substitution act
substitution action
substitution change
substitution entity
substitution event
subsystem abstraction
subsystem entity
subsystem group
subsystem system
subtitle abstraction
subtitle communication
subtitle entity
subtitle evidence
subtitle indication
subtitle record
subtitle translation
subtitle abstraction
subtitle communication
subtitle entity
subtitle heading
subtitle line
subtitle matter
subtitle text
subtitle title
subtitle writing
subtitle give
subtitle supply
subtitle transfer
subtotal abstraction
subtotal cognition
subtotal concept
subtotal content
subtotal entity
subtotal idea
subtotal quantity
subtotal sum
subtract calculate
subtract reason
subtract think
subtract change
subtract decrease
subtract reduce
subtraction abstraction
subtraction act
subtraction activity
subtraction calculation
subtraction entity
subtraction event
subtraction procedure
subtraction abstraction
subtraction act
subtraction action
subtraction change
subtraction decrease
subtraction entity
subtraction event
subtropics entity
subtropics location
subtropics object
subtropics region
subtropics zone
suburb district
suburb entity
suburb location
suburb object
suburb region
success abstraction
success entity
success event
success happening
success abstraction
success accomplishment
success act
success action
success attainment
success entity
success event
success abstraction
success attribute
success condition
success entity
success fortune
success prosperity
success state
succession abstraction
succession arrangement
succession entity
succession group
succession series
succession abstraction
succession act
succession activity
succession entity
succession event
succession order
succession organization
succession entity
succession process
succession abstraction
succession acquisition
succession act
succession entity
succession event
successor entity
successor object
successor organism
successor peer
successor person
successor whole
successor abstraction
successor cognition
successor entity
successor equivalent
successor substitute
successor entity
successor object
successor offspring
successor organism
successor person
successor relative
successor whole
succulence abstraction
succulence attribute
succulence entity
succulence property
succulent entity
succulent object
succulent organism
succulent plant
succulent whole
suck consume
suck drink
suck draw
suck remove
suck absorb
suck be
sucker entity
sucker object
sucker shoot
sucker sprout
sucker whole
sucker consumer
sucker drinker
sucker entity
sucker object
sucker organism
sucker person
sucker user
sucker whole
sucker entity
sucker food
sucker matter
sucker seafood
sucker solid
sucker entity
sucker organ
sucker part
sucker thing
sucker animal
sucker entity
sucker fish
sucker object
sucker organism
sucker vertebrate
sucker whole
sucking consumption
sucking entity
sucking process
suckle consume
suckle feed
suckling animal
suckling entity
suckling object
suckling organism
suckling whole
suckling young
suckling abstraction
suckling act
suckling activity
suckling entity
suckling event
suckling feeding
suckling provision
suction entity
suction phenomenon
suction pressure
suction process
suction evacuate
suction excrete
suction exhaust
suds abstraction
suds agent
suds alcohol
suds beer
suds beverage
suds brew
suds drug
suds entity
suds fluid
suds food
suds liquid
suds matter
suds part
suds relation
suds substance
suds change
suds clean
suds wash
suede abstraction
suede entity
suede leather
suede material
suede matter
suede part
suede relation
suede substance
suffer change
suffer experience
suffer undergo
suffer change
suffer experience
suffer undergo
suffer feel
suffer change
suffer worsen
suffer be
suffer tend
suffer change
suffer experience
suffer undergo
suffer change
suffer worsen
suffering abstraction
suffering adversity
suffering attribute
suffering condition
suffering entity
suffering fortune
suffering misery
suffering misfortune
suffering state
suffering abstraction
suffering attribute
suffering entity
suffering feeling
suffering pain
suffering state
suffice equal
suffice match
suffice meet
suffice satisfy
suffix abstraction
suffix affix
suffix ending
suffix entity
suffix part
suffix relation
suffix affix
suffix attach
suffix connect
suffocation abstraction
suffocation act
suffocation action
suffocation change
suffocation entity
suffocation event
suffocation killing
suffocation termination
suffocation abstraction
suffocation attribute
suffocation condition
suffocation drive
suffocation entity
suffocation state
sugar entity
sugar food
sugar foodstuff
sugar ingredient
sugar matter
sugar substance
sugar change
sugarcane cane
sugarcane entity
sugarcane object
sugarcane stalk
sugarcane whole
sugarcane entity
sugarcane herb
sugarcane object
sugarcane organism
sugarcane plant
sugarcane whole
suggest act
suggest communicate
suggest convey
suggest express
suggest impart
suggest imply
suggest inform
suggest interact
suggest tell
suggest act
suggest communicate
suggest convey
suggest express
suggest impart
suggest inform
suggest interact
suggest tell
suggestion abstraction
suggestion cognition
suggestion content
suggestion entity
suggestion idea
suggestion abstraction
suggestion communication
suggestion entity
suggestion message
suggestion proposal
suggestion abstraction
suggestion act
suggestion communication
suggestion entity
suggestion event
suggestion persuasion
suggestion abstraction
suggestion cognition
suggestion entity
suggestion process
suicide abstraction
suicide act
suicide action
suicide change
suicide entity
suicide event
suicide killing
suicide termination
suicide entity
suicide killer
suicide object
suicide organism
suicide person
suicide whole
suit artifact
suit clothing
suit commodity
suit covering
suit entity
suit garment
suit object
suit whole
suit businessman
suit businessperson
suit capitalist
suit entity
suit object
suit organism
suit person
suit whole
suit abstraction
suit act
suit entity
suit event
suit request
suit abstraction
suit card
suit entity
suit material
suit matter
suit paper
suit part
suit relation
suit substance
suit equal
suit match
suit meet
suit be
suitability abstraction
suitability attribute
suitability entity
suitability quality
suite abstraction
suite communication
suite entity
suite music
suite apartment
suite artifact
suite entity
suite housing
suite object
suite structure
suite whole
suite abstraction
suite collection
suite entity
suite group
suite set
suiting artifact
suiting entity
suiting fabric
suiting object
suiting whole
suitor admirer
suitor entity
suitor lover
suitor object
suitor organism
suitor person
suitor whole
sulfate abstraction
sulfate chemical
sulfate compound
sulfate entity
sulfate material
sulfate matter
sulfate part
sulfate relation
sulfate salt
sulfate substance
sulfate change
sulfate convert
sulfide abstraction
sulfide chemical
sulfide compound
sulfide entity
sulfide material
sulfide matter
sulfide part
sulfide relation
sulfide substance
sulfur abstraction
sulfur entity
sulfur matter
sulfur part
sulfur relation
sulfur substance
sulky artifact
sulky container
sulky conveyance
sulky entity
sulky instrumentality
sulky object
sulky vehicle
sulky whole
sultan entity
sultan object
sultan organism
sultan person
sultan ruler
sultan whole
sum abstraction
sum assets
sum entity
sum possession
sum relation
sum abstraction
sum cognition
sum concept
sum content
sum entity
sum idea
sum quantity
sum abstraction
sum collection
sum entity
sum group
sum entity
sum object
sum whole
summarize express
summarize state
summary abstraction
summary communication
summary entity
summary message
summary statement
summation abstraction
summation communication
summation entity
summation message
summation statement
summation summary
summation entity
summation process
summation abstraction
summation act
summation activity
summation calculation
summation entity
summation event
summation procedure
summer abstraction
summer entity
summer measure
summer season
summer abstraction
summer entity
summer measure
summer spend
summit abstraction
summit entity
summit gathering
summit group
summit meeting
summit reach
summon ask
summon call
summon communicate
summon convey
summon move
summon order
summon request
summon transfer
summon ask
summon call
summon communicate
summon convey
summon move
summon order
summon request
summon transfer
summons abstraction
summons act
summons command
summons entity
summons event
summons order
summons abstraction
summons communication
summons document
summons entity
summons writing
sumo abstraction
sumo act
sumo activity
sumo diversion
sumo entity
sumo event
sumo occupation
sumo sport
sumo wrestling
sun adult
sun entity
sun object
sun organism
sun person
sun whole
sun entity
sun object
sun star
sun whole
sun lie
sun affect
sun change
sun expose
sun subject
sunflower entity
sunflower flower
sunflower object
sunflower organism
sunflower plant
sunflower whole
sung abstraction
sung dynasty
sung entity
sung family
sung genealogy
sung group
sung kin
sung lineage
sunlight energy
sunlight entity
sunlight light
sunlight phenomenon
sunlight process
sunlight radiation
sunrise entity
sunrise phenomenon
sunrise process
sunrise abstraction
sunrise entity
sunrise event
sunrise happening
sunroof artifact
sunroof covering
sunroof entity
sunroof object
sunroof roof
sunroof whole
sunscreen artifact
sunscreen cream
sunscreen entity
sunscreen instrumentality
sunscreen object
sunscreen whole
sunset abstraction
sunset cognition
sunset entity
sunset hour
sunset information
sunset reading
sunset entity
sunset phenomenon
sunset process
sunset abstraction
sunset entity
sunset event
sunset happening
superconductivity conduction
superconductivity entity
superconductivity phenomenon
superconductivity process
superego abstraction
superego conscience
superego entity
superego motivation
superhighway artifact
superhighway entity
superhighway instrumentality
superhighway network
superhighway object
superhighway system
superhighway whole
superintendent caretaker
superintendent custodian
superintendent defender
superintendent entity
superintendent object
superintendent organism
superintendent person
superintendent whole
superior entity
superior leader
superior object
superior organism
superior person
superior whole
superior entity
superior object
superior organism
superior person
superior religious
superior whole
superiority abstraction
superiority attribute
superiority degree
superiority entity
superiority property
superiority quality
superiority abstraction
superiority advantage
superiority asset
superiority attribute
superiority entity
superiority quality
superiority abstraction
superiority act
superiority activity
superiority arrogance
superiority entity
superiority event
superiority pride
superiority sin
superiority transgression
superlative abstraction
superlative approval
superlative communication
superlative entity
superlative message
superlative praise
superlative abstraction
superlative adjective
superlative adverb
superlative entity
superlative modifier
superlative part
superlative relation
superlative word
supermarket artifact
supermarket entity
supermarket establishment
supermarket marketplace
supermarket object
supermarket structure
supermarket whole
supernatural entity
supernova entity
supernova object
supernova star
supernova whole
superstition abstraction
superstition belief
superstition cognition
superstition content
superstition entity
supervision abstraction
supervision act
supervision entity
supervision event
supervision management
supervisor entity
supervisor leader
supervisor object
supervisor organism
supervisor person
supervisor superior
supervisor whole
supper entity
supper food
supper matter
supper meal
supper substance
supper abstraction
supper entity
supper gathering
supper group
supplement abstraction
supplement amount
supplement attribute
supplement entity
supplement increase
supplement magnitude
supplement property
supplement add
supplement change
supplement increase
supplement constitute
supplementation abstraction
supplementation act
supplementation action
supplementation change
supplementation entity
supplementation event
supplementation expansion
supplementation increase
supplication abstraction
supplication act
supplication entity
supplication event
supplication request
supplier businessperson
supplier capitalist
supplier entity
supplier object
supplier organism
supplier person
supplier whole
supply abstraction
supply entity
supply measure
supply entity
supply process
supply give
supply transfer
support abstraction
support act
support activity
support entity
support event
support abstraction
support act
support activity
support aid
support entity
support event
support abstraction
support cognition
support entity
support influence
support abstraction
support act
support activity
support entity
support event
support operation
support abstraction
support assets
support entity
support possession
support relation
support resource
support artifact
support entity
support object
support structure
support whole
support abstraction
support act
support activity
support entity
support event
support artifact
support device
support entity
support instrumentality
support object
support whole
support abstraction
support assets
support entity
support possession
support relation
support resource
support give
support transfer
support act
support make
supporter advocate
supporter entity
supporter object
supporter organism
supporter person
supporter whole
suppose reason
suppose speculate
suppose think
supposition abstraction
supposition cognition
supposition conjecture
supposition entity
supposition process
supposition reasoning
supposition thinking
suppository agent
suppository drug
suppository entity
suppository matter
suppository medicine
suppository substance
suppress control
suppress forget
suppress inhibit
suppress restrain
suppress suppress
suppress forget
suppress change
suppress decrease
suppression entity
suppression growth
suppression process
suppression abstraction
suppression act
suppression activity
suppression control
suppression entity
suppression event
suppression restraint
suppression abstraction
suppression act
suppression entity
suppression event
suppression hindrance
suppression prevention
surcharge abstraction
surcharge charge
surcharge cost
surcharge entity
surcharge possession
surcharge relation
surcharge account
surcharge charge
surcharge herd
surcharge move
surcharge change
surcharge mark
surcharge print
surcharge trace
surcharge write
surcharge change
surcharge fill
surcharge act
surcharge communicate
surcharge indicate
surcharge inform
surcharge interact
surcharge read
surcharge show
sureness abstraction
sureness attribute
sureness entity
sureness immobility
sureness immovability
sureness quality
sureness steadiness
surety abstraction
surety attribute
surety certainty
surety entity
surety quality
surf abstraction
surf entity
surf event
surf happening
surf movement
surf wave
surf switch
surface artifact
surface entity
surface object
surface whole
surface boundary
surface entity
surface extremity
surface location
surface object
surface region
surface entity
surface layer
surface location
surface object
surface region
surface abstraction
surface aspect
surface cognition
surface concept
surface content
surface entity
surface feature
surface idea
surface property
surface ascend
surface travel
surfacing abstraction
surfacing act
surfacing entity
surfacing event
surge abstraction
surge act
surge action
surge change
surge entity
surge event
surge increase
surge better
surge change
surgeon adult
surgeon doctor
surgeon entity
surgeon object
surgeon organism
surgeon person
surgeon professional
surgeon whole
surgery abstraction
surgery cognition
surgery content
surgery discipline
surgery entity
surgery science
surgery area
surgery artifact
surgery entity
surgery object
surgery room
surgery structure
surgery whole
surmise deduce
surmise reason
surmise think
surname abstraction
surname entity
surname name
surname part
surname relation
surpass beat
surprise abstraction
surprise astonishment
surprise attribute
surprise entity
surprise feeling
surprise state
surprise abstraction
surprise change
surprise entity
surprise event
surprise happening
surprise abstraction
surprise act
surprise action
surprise change
surprise disruption
surprise disturbance
surprise entity
surprise event
surprise motion
surprise affect
surprise act
surrealism abstraction
surrealism entity
surrealism group
surrealism movement
surrealist artist
surrealist creator
surrealist entity
surrealist object
surrealist organism
surrealist person
surrealist whole
surrender abstraction
surrender act
surrender conveyance
surrender delivery
surrender entity
surrender event
surrender transaction
surrender transfer
surrender yield
surrender give
surrogate entity
surrogate object
surrogate organism
surrogate peer
surrogate person
surrogate whole
surround touch
surveillance abstraction
surveillance act
surveillance activity
surveillance entity
surveillance event
surveillance investigation
surveillance work
survey abstraction
survey act
survey activity
survey entity
survey event
survey examination
survey investigation
survey work
survey analyze
survey examine
survey analyze
survey calculate
survey reason
survey think
surveying abstraction
surveying act
surveying activity
surveying entity
surveying event
surveying measurement
surveyor engineer
surveyor entity
surveyor object
surveyor organism
surveyor person
surveyor whole
surveyor calculator
surveyor entity
surveyor expert
surveyor object
surveyor organism
surveyor person
surveyor statistician
surveyor whole
survival abstraction
survival animation
survival attribute
survival being
survival entity
survival state
survival entity
survival process
survival abstraction
survival act
survival activity
survival continuance
survival entity
survival event
survivor entity
survivor object
survivor organism
survivor person
survivor unfortunate
survivor whole
survivor entity
survivor object
survivor organism
survivor person
survivor whole
survivor animal
survivor entity
survivor object
survivor organism
survivor whole
susceptibility abstraction
susceptibility attribute
susceptibility condition
susceptibility entity
susceptibility state
sushi dish
sushi entity
sushi food
sushi matter
sushi substance
suspect entity
suspect object
suspect organism
suspect person
suspect whole
suspect guess
suspect reason
suspect speculate
suspect think
suspect evaluate
suspect expect
suspect think
suspend attach
suspend connect
suspend fasten
suspend hang
suspend change
suspend expel
suspend move
suspend change
suspend act
suspend delay
suspend postpone
suspend wait
suspense abstraction
suspense apprehension
suspense attribute
suspense emotion
suspense entity
suspense fear
suspense feeling
suspense state
suspense abstraction
suspense attribute
suspense condition
suspense doubt
suspense entity
suspense state
suspense abstraction
suspense anticipation
suspense attribute
suspense entity
suspense expectation
suspense feeling
suspense state
suspension abstraction
suspension entity
suspension matter
suspension mixture
suspension part
suspension relation
suspension substance
suspension abstraction
suspension entity
suspension event
suspension happening
suspension interruption
suspension artifact
suspension entity
suspension instrumentality
suspension object
suspension system
suspension whole
suspension abstraction
suspension act
suspension activity
suspension entity
suspension event
suspension support
suspension abstraction
suspension act
suspension entity
suspension event
suspension hindrance
suspension prevention
suspicion abstraction
suspicion attribute
suspicion entity
suspicion hostility
suspicion state
suspicion abstraction
suspicion attribute
suspicion distrust
suspicion entity
suspicion trait
sustain have
sustain admit
sustain declare
sustain evaluate
sustain think
sustainability abstraction
sustainability attribute
sustainability entity
sustainability property
sustenance abstraction
sustenance act
sustenance activity
sustenance entity
sustenance event
sustenance support
suture entity
suture joint
suture part
suture thing
suture artifact
suture connection
suture entity
suture instrumentality
suture joint
suture junction
suture object
suture seam
suture whole
suture artifact
suture cord
suture entity
suture line
suture object
suture thread
suture whole
suture connect
suture join
suture seam
swab artifact
swab entity
swab implement
swab instrumentality
swab object
swab whole
swab artifact
swab entity
swab implement
swab instrumentality
swab object
swab whole
swab absorb
swallow abstraction
swallow entity
swallow measure
swallow taste
swallow consumption
swallow entity
swallow process
swallow animal
swallow bird
swallow entity
swallow object
swallow organism
swallow vertebrate
swallow whole
swallow consume
swallow demolish
swallow act
swallow communicate
swallow interact
swallow talk
swallow evaluate
swallow reject
swallow think
swallow forget
swallow suppress
swallow accept
swallow believe
swallow evaluate
swallow think
swamp entity
swamp land
swamp object
swamp wetland
swamp abstraction
swamp attribute
swamp condition
swamp difficulty
swamp entity
swamp situation
swamp state
swamp cover
swamp flood
swamp touch
swan animal
swan bird
swan entity
swan object
swan organism
swan vertebrate
swan whole
swan move
swan sweep
swap travel
swarm abstraction
swarm entity
swarm group
swastika abstraction
swastika artifact
swastika cognition
swastika decoration
swastika design
swastika emblem
swastika entity
swastika object
swastika process
swastika symbol
swastika whole
swat abstraction
swat act
swat action
swat blow
swat change
swat entity
swat event
swat motion
swat stroke
swat hit
swat touch
sway abstraction
sway attribute
sway entity
sway power
sway quality
swear declare
swear express
swear pledge
swear promise
swear state
swear vow
swear declare
swear express
swear state
sweat condensation
sweat entity
sweat phenomenon
sweat process
sweat excrete
sweat exhaust
sweater artifact
sweater clothing
sweater commodity
sweater covering
sweater entity
sweater garment
sweater object
sweater whole
sweatshop artifact
sweatshop entity
sweatshop factory
sweatshop object
sweatshop plant
sweatshop structure
sweatshop whole
sweep abstraction
sweep attribute
sweep entity
sweep extent
sweep magnitude
sweep property
sweep scope
sweep artifact
sweep entity
sweep implement
sweep instrumentality
sweep oar
sweep object
sweep whole
sweep abstraction
sweep act
sweep action
sweep change
sweep entity
sweep event
sweep motion
sweep move
sweep guide
sweep rub
sweep wipe
sweep change
sweep clean
sweep win
sweep be
sweep cover
sweeper employee
sweeper entity
sweeper object
sweeper organism
sweeper person
sweeper whole
sweeper worker
sweeper animal
sweeper entity
sweeper fish
sweeper object
sweeper organism
sweeper vertebrate
sweeper whole
sweeping abstraction
sweeping act
sweeping action
sweeping change
sweeping cleaning
sweeping entity
sweeping event
sweeping improvement
sweet dainty
sweet entity
sweet food
sweet matter
sweet substance
sweet abstraction
sweet cognition
sweet entity
sweet perception
sweet process
sweet sensation
sweet taste
sweetheart entity
sweetheart lover
sweetheart object
sweetheart organism
sweetheart person
sweetheart whole
sweetheart entity
sweetheart object
sweetheart organism
sweetheart person
sweetheart whole
sweetness abstraction
sweetness attribute
sweetness entity
sweetness property
swell abstraction
swell entity
swell event
swell happening
swell movement
swell wave
swell entity
swell object
swell abstraction
swell attribute
swell entity
swell property
swell volume
swell change
swell increase
swell act
swell change
swell expand
swell grow
swell increase
swell change
swell develop
swell grow
swelling abstraction
swelling attribute
swelling cognition
swelling enlargement
swelling entity
swelling evidence
swelling information
swelling state
swelling symptom
swift animal
swift bird
swift entity
swift object
swift organism
swift vertebrate
swift whole
swim travel
swim be
swim travel
swimmer athlete
swimmer contestant
swimmer entity
swimmer object
swimmer organism
swimmer person
swimmer whole
swimmer entity
swimmer object
swimmer organism
swimmer person
swimmer traveler
swimmer whole
swimming abstraction
swimming act
swimming activity
swimming diversion
swimming entity
swimming event
swimming sport
swindle abstraction
swindle act
swindle activity
swindle crime
swindle entity
swindle event
swindle fraud
swindle transgression
swine animal
swine entity
swine mammal
swine object
swine organism
swine vertebrate
swine whole
swing abstraction
swing action
swing attribute
swing entity
swing state
swing artifact
swing device
swing entity
swing instrumentality
swing mechanism
swing object
swing plaything
swing whole
swing abstraction
swing act
swing action
swing blow
swing change
swing entity
swing event
swing motion
swing stroke
swing abstraction
swing act
swing action
swing change
swing entity
swing event
swing motion
swing abstraction
swing communication
swing entity
swing jazz
swing music
swing abstraction
swing act
swing activity
swing cognition
swing content
swing dancing
swing discipline
swing diversion
swing entity
swing event
swing move
swing travel
swing affect
swing change
swing influence
swing handle
swing manipulate
swing touch
swing aim
swing move
swing position
swing put
swing change
swing live
swing be
swing act
swing interact
swing socialize
swing make
swing perform
swing play
swing connect
swing copulate
swing join
swipe abstraction
swipe act
swipe action
swipe change
swipe entity
swipe event
swipe maneuver
swipe motion
swipe stroke
swipe hit
swipe touch
swish abstraction
swish entity
swish event
swish happening
swish sound
switch artifact
switch control
switch device
switch entity
switch instrumentality
switch mechanism
switch object
switch whole
switch artifact
switch attire
switch clothing
switch commodity
switch covering
switch entity
switch hairpiece
switch object
switch whole
switch artifact
switch entity
switch object
switch track
switch whole
switch artifact
switch device
switch entity
switch instrumentality
switch instrument
switch object
switch whole
switch abstraction
switch cognition
switch content
switch entity
switch idea
switch plan
switch play
switch abstraction
switch act
switch action
switch change
switch entity
switch event
switch change
switch beat
swivel artifact
swivel coupling
swivel device
swivel entity
swivel instrumentality
swivel mechanism
swivel object
swivel whole
swoop abstraction
swoop communication
swoop entity
swoop music
swoop tune
swoop abstraction
swoop act
swoop activity
swoop attack
swoop entity
swoop event
swoop operation
swoop penetration
swoop abstraction
swoop act
swoop action
swoop change
swoop descent
swoop entity
swoop event
swoop motion
swoop move
swoop seize
swoop snatch
swoop take
swoosh abstraction
swoosh entity
swoosh event
swoosh happening
swoosh noise
swoosh sound
sword artifact
sword device
sword entity
sword instrumentality
sword instrument
sword object
sword weapon
sword whole
sycamore abstraction
sycamore entity
sycamore material
sycamore matter
sycamore part
sycamore relation
sycamore substance
sycamore wood
sycamore entity
sycamore maple
sycamore object
sycamore organism
sycamore plant
sycamore tree
sycamore whole
sycamore entity
sycamore object
sycamore organism
sycamore plant
sycamore tree
sycamore whole
syllable abstraction
syllable entity
syllable part
syllable relation
symbiosis abstraction
symbiosis entity
symbiosis relation
symbol abstraction
symbol communication
symbol entity
symbol signal
symbol abstraction
symbol cognition
symbol entity
symbol process
symbolism abstraction
symbolism communication
symbolism entity
symbolism signal
symbolism symbol
symbolism abstraction
symbolism act
symbolism activity
symbolism entity
symbolism event
symbolism practice
symbolism abstraction
symbolism entity
symbolism group
symbolism movement
symbolization abstraction
symbolization communication
symbolization entity
symbolization meaning
symbolization message
symbolize act
symbolize clarify
symbolize communicate
symbolize describe
symbolize elaborate
symbolize explain
symbolize inform
symbolize interact
symbolize represent
symmetry abstraction
symmetry attribute
symmetry entity
symmetry property
symmetry artifact
symmetry balance
symmetry entity
symmetry object
symmetry structure
symmetry whole
sympathizer entity
sympathizer object
sympathizer organism
sympathizer person
sympathizer whole
sympathizer advocate
sympathizer entity
sympathizer object
sympathizer organism
sympathizer person
sympathizer supporter
sympathizer whole
sympathy abstraction
sympathy attitude
sympathy cognition
sympathy entity
sympathy inclination
sympathy abstraction
sympathy attribute
sympathy entity
sympathy feeling
sympathy state
sympathy abstraction
sympathy entity
sympathy relation
symphony abstraction
symphony communication
symphony entity
symphony music
symphony sonata
symposium abstraction
symposium conference
symposium entity
symposium gathering
symposium group
symposium meeting
symptom abstraction
symptom cognition
symptom entity
symptom evidence
symptom information
symptom abstraction
symptom communication
symptom entity
symptom indication
synagogue artifact
synagogue building
synagogue entity
synagogue object
synagogue structure
synagogue whole
synchronization abstraction
synchronization act
synchronization activity
synchronization adjustment
synchronization calibration
synchronization entity
synchronization event
synchronization abstraction
synchronization act
synchronization activity
synchronization control
synchronization coordination
synchronization entity
synchronization event
synchronization regulation
synchronization timing
syndicate abstraction
syndicate entity
syndicate group
syndicate abstraction
syndicate agency
syndicate business
syndicate enterprise
syndicate entity
syndicate group
syndicate organization
syndicate connect
syndicate form
syndicate make
syndicate exchange
syndicate sell
syndicate transfer
syndication abstraction
syndication act
syndication administration
syndication entity
syndication event
syndication management
syndication organization
syndication abstraction
syndication act
syndication commerce
syndication entity
syndication event
syndication selling
syndication transaction
syndrome abstraction
syndrome cognition
syndrome complex
syndrome concept
syndrome content
syndrome entity
syndrome idea
syndrome whole
syndrome abstraction
syndrome cognition
syndrome entity
syndrome evidence
syndrome information
syndrome symptom
synergy entity
synergy process
synonym abstraction
synonym entity
synonym part
synonym relation
synonym word
syntax abstraction
syntax cognition
syntax entity
syntax structure
syntax abstraction
syntax entity
syntax group
syntax system
syntax abstraction
syntax cognition
syntax content
syntax discipline
syntax entity
syntax grammar
syntax linguistics
syntax science
synthesis entity
synthesis process
synthesis abstraction
synthesis cognition
synthesis entity
synthesis process
synthesis reasoning
synthesis thinking
synthesize add
synthesize change
synthesize compound
synthesize increase
synthesize change
synthetic abstraction
synthetic chemical
synthetic compound
synthetic entity
synthetic material
synthetic matter
synthetic part
synthetic relation
synthetic substance
syphilis abstraction
syphilis attribute
syphilis condition
syphilis disease
syphilis entity
syphilis illness
syphilis state
syringe artifact
syringe device
syringe entity
syringe instrumentality
syringe instrument
syringe object
syringe whole
syringe discharge
syringe scatter
syringe spray
syringe spread
syrup entity
syrup food
syrup foodstuff
syrup ingredient
syrup matter
syrup substance
system artifact
system entity
system instrumentality
system object
system whole
system abstraction
system entity
system group
system entity
system matter
system ability
system abstraction
system cognition
system entity
system method
system entity
system part
system thing
system abstraction
system cognition
system content
system entity
system idea
system plan
system body
system entity
system object
system whole
tab artifact
tab entity
tab object
tab strip
tab whole
tabernacle entity
tabernacle location
tabernacle object
tabernacle place
tabernacle region
tabernacle sanctuary
table abstraction
table arrangement
table array
table entity
table group
table artifact
table entity
table furnishing
table furniture
table instrumentality
table object
table whole
table artifact
table entity
table furnishing
table furniture
table instrumentality
table object
table whole
table abstraction
table entity
table gathering
table group
table arrange
table compose
table make
tablecloth artifact
tablecloth commodity
tablecloth entity
tablecloth linen
tablecloth object
tablecloth whole
tablet artifact
tablet block
tablet entity
tablet object
tablet slab
tablet whole
tablet artifact
tablet block
tablet cake
tablet entity
tablet object
tablet whole
tabletop artifact
tabletop entity
tabletop object
tabletop surface
tabletop whole
tabloid artifact
tabloid entity
tabloid instrumentality
tabloid medium
tabloid newspaper
tabloid object
tabloid press
tabloid whole
taboo abstraction
taboo attitude
taboo bias
taboo cognition
taboo entity
taboo inclination
taboo partiality
taboo abstraction
taboo attribute
taboo discipline
taboo entity
taboo inhibition
taboo restraint
taboo trait
taboo control
taboo forget
taboo inhibit
taboo restrain
taboo restrict
taboo suppress
tack bearing
tack direction
tack entity
tack line
tack location
tack object
tack path
tack artifact
tack device
tack entity
tack fastener
tack instrumentality
tack nail
tack object
tack restraint
tack whole
tack abstraction
tack act
tack action
tack change
tack entity
tack event
tack abstraction
tack act
tack action
tack change
tack entity
tack event
tack motion
tack sailing
tack travel
tack attach
tack connect
tack fasten
tack boat
tack ride
tack sail
tack travel
tackle athlete
tackle contestant
tackle entity
tackle object
tackle organism
tackle person
tackle player
tackle whole
tackle abstraction
tackle act
tackle activity
tackle entity
tackle event
tackle position
tackle role
tackle abstraction
tackle cognition
tackle content
tackle entity
tackle idea
tackle plan
tackle play
tackle act
tackle attack
taco dish
taco entity
taco food
taco matter
taco substance
tact abstraction
tact attribute
tact consideration
tact entity
tact good
tact kindness
tact morality
tact quality
tactic abstraction
tactic cognition
tactic content
tactic entity
tactic idea
tactic plan
tactician entity
tactician object
tactician organism
tactician person
tactician planner
tactician whole
tactics abstraction
tactics cognition
tactics content
tactics discipline
tactics entity
tactlessness abstraction
tactlessness attribute
tactlessness entity
tactlessness inability
tactlessness quality
tactlessness unkindness
tad abstraction
tad entity
tad measure
tadpole animal
tadpole entity
tadpole larva
tadpole object
tadpole organism
tadpole whole
taffy candy
taffy dainty
taffy entity
taffy food
taffy matter
taffy substance
taffy sweet
tag abstraction
tag communication
tag entity
tag label
tag marker
tag signal
tag symbol
tag abstraction
tag communication
tag entity
tag label
tag marker
tag signal
tag symbol
tag abstraction
tag act
tag activity
tag entity
tag event
tag game
tag abstraction
tag act
tag entity
tag event
tag touch
tag attach
tag connect
tag touch
tag designate
tag label
tag name
tag make
tag rhyme
tail entity
tail part
tail process
tail thing
tail abstraction
tail attribute
tail entity
tail projection
tail shape
tail solid
tail entity
tail follower
tail object
tail organism
tail person
tail spectator
tail spy
tail traveler
tail whole
tail artifact
tail entity
tail object
tail reverse
tail side
tail surface
tail whole
tail artifact
tail entity
tail object
tail rear
tail side
tail surface
tail whole
tail change
tail decrease
tail reduce
tail snip
tail top
tailor creator
tailor entity
tailor maker
tailor object
tailor organism
tailor person
tailor whole
tailor adapt
tailor change
tailoring abstraction
tailoring act
tailoring activity
tailoring entity
tailoring event
tailoring occupation
tailoring trade
take abstraction
take act
take activity
take entity
take event
take photography
take representation
take act
take use
take interpret
take understand
take use
take change
take experience
take undergo
take change
take undergo
take change
take receive
take head
take proceed
take travel
take become
take change
take buy
take get
take connect
take copulate
take join
take win
takeoff abstraction
takeoff act
takeoff departure
takeoff entity
takeoff event
takeoff abstraction
takeoff entity
takeoff event
takeoff happening
takeoff movement
takeoff rise
takeover abstraction
takeover acquisition
takeover act
takeover buyout
takeover entity
takeover event
taker consumer
taker customer
taker entity
taker object
taker organism
taker person
taker user
taker whole
taker entity
taker gambler
taker object
taker organism
taker person
taker whole
talc abstraction
talc entity
talc material
talc matter
talc mineral
talc part
talc relation
talc substance
talc better
talc change
talc groom
talc powder
talent entity
talent expert
talent object
talent organism
talent person
talent whole
talk abstraction
talk communication
talk conversation
talk entity
talk speech
talk abstraction
talk act
talk communication
talk discussion
talk entity
talk event
talk abstraction
talk act
talk activity
talk education
talk entity
talk event
talk lecture
talk occupation
talk profession
talk teaching
talk abstraction
talk act
talk entity
talk event
talk gossip
talk report
talk act
talk communicate
talk interact
talk act
talk communicate
talk interact
tall abstraction
tall attribute
tall entity
tall property
tall size
tally have
tally keep
tally record
tally save
talon claw
talon entity
talon part
talon structure
talon thing
tambourine artifact
tambourine device
tambourine drum
tambourine entity
tambourine instrumentality
tambourine object
tambourine whole
tame change
tan abstraction
tan attribute
tan condition
tan entity
tan state
tan abstraction
tan attribute
tan brown
tan color
tan entity
tan property
tan change
tan convert
tan change
tang abstraction
tang dynasty
tang entity
tang family
tang genealogy
tang group
tang kin
tang lineage
tang entity
tang microorganism
tang object
tang organism
tang seaweed
tang whole
tangent abstraction
tangent attribute
tangent entity
tangent line
tangent shape
tangent abstraction
tangent entity
tangent function
tangent relation
tangerine citrus
tangerine entity
tangerine mandarin
tangerine object
tangerine organism
tangerine plant
tangerine tree
tangerine whole
tangerine citrus
tangerine entity
tangerine food
tangerine fruit
tangerine mandarin
tangerine matter
tangerine object
tangerine produce
tangerine solid
tangerine whole
tangerine abstraction
tangerine attribute
tangerine color
tangerine entity
tangerine orange
tangerine property
tangibility abstraction
tangibility attribute
tangibility entity
tangibility materiality
tangibility quality
tangle entity
tangle object
tangle whole
tangle abstraction
tangle attribute
tangle condition
tangle confusion
tangle entity
tangle state
tango abstraction
tango act
tango activity
tango cognition
tango content
tango dancing
tango discipline
tango diversion
tango entity
tango event
tango abstraction
tango communication
tango entity
tango music
tango dance
tango move
tank artifact
tank container
tank conveyance
tank entity
tank instrumentality
tank object
tank vehicle
tank whole
tank artifact
tank container
tank entity
tank instrumentality
tank object
tank vessel
tank whole
tank abstraction
tank entity
tank measure
tank have
tank keep
tank store
tank consume
tank drink
tank affect
tank change
tank process
tanner craftsman
tanner entity
tanner object
tanner organism
tanner person
tanner whole
tanner worker
tanning entity
tanning process
tanning abstraction
tanning act
tanning activity
tanning entity
tanning event
tanning occupation
tanning trade
tap artifact
tap entity
tap object
tap plate
tap sheet
tap whole
tap artifact
tap entity
tap implement
tap instrumentality
tap object
tap tool
tap whole
tap artifact
tap blockage
tap entity
tap object
tap obstruction
tap plug
tap structure
tap whole
tap abstraction
tap act
tap entity
tap event
tap touch
tap cut
tap move
tap separate
tap remove
tap withdraw
tap strike
tap touch
tap give
tap supply
tap transfer
tap sound
tap travel
tap walk
tap draw
tap remove
tap enter
tap penetrate
tap pierce
tape artifact
tape entity
tape object
tape strip
tape whole
tape artifact
tape device
tape entity
tape instrumentality
tape object
tape recording
tape whole
tape abstraction
tape communication
tape end
tape entity
tape extremity
tape finish
tape indication
tape line
tape location
tape mark
tape object
tape region
tape artifact
tape device
tape entity
tape instrumentality
tape instrument
tape object
tape whole
tape attach
tape connect
taper abstraction
taper attribute
taper entity
taper shape
taper solid
taper abstraction
taper attribute
taper entity
taper property
taper shape
taper change
taper decrease
tapestry abstraction
tapestry attribute
tapestry complexity
tapestry entity
tapestry quality
tapestry artifact
tapestry entity
tapestry fabric
tapestry object
tapestry whole
tapestry artifact
tapestry decoration
tapestry entity
tapestry hanging
tapestry object
tapestry whole
tapeworm animal
tapeworm entity
tapeworm flatworm
tapeworm invertebrate
tapeworm object
tapeworm organism
tapeworm whole
tapeworm worm
tapioca entity
tapioca food
tapioca foodstuff
tapioca matter
tapioca substance
tapping abstraction
tapping entity
tapping event
tapping happening
tapping sound
taps abstraction
taps communication
taps entity
taps signal
tar coat
tar cover
tarantula animal
tarantula entity
tarantula invertebrate
tarantula object
tarantula organism
tarantula spider
tarantula whole
target abstraction
target communication
target entity
target indicator
target signal
target entity
target location
target object
target point
target artifact
target entity
target equipment
target instrumentality
target object
target whole
target aim
target move
target position
target put
tart entity
tart food
tart matter
tart pastry
tart pie
tart solid
tart entity
tart food
tart matter
tart pastry
tart solid
tartar covering
tartar crust
tartar entity
tartar object
tartar whole
task appoint
task delegate
taste abstraction
taste cognition
taste entity
taste perception
taste process
taste sensation
taste abstraction
taste cognition
taste discrimination
taste entity
taste process
taste abstraction
taste entity
taste event
taste experience
taste happening
taste abstraction
taste entity
taste measure
taste ability
taste abstraction
taste cognition
taste entity
taste faculty
taste sense
taste sensitivity
taste abstraction
taste act
taste activity
taste entity
taste event
taste perceive
taste identify
taste recognize
taste remember
taste change
taste experience
taste know
taste undergo
tasting abstraction
tasting cognition
tasting entity
tasting example
tasting information
tasting sample
tasting consumption
tasting eating
tasting entity
tasting process
tattle abstraction
tattle act
tattle disclosure
tattle entity
tattle event
tattoo abstraction
tattoo communication
tattoo entity
tattoo signal
tattoo artifact
tattoo decoration
tattoo design
tattoo entity
tattoo object
tattoo whole
tattoo abstraction
tattoo act
tattoo action
tattoo change
tattoo decoration
tattoo entity
tattoo event
tattoo change
tattoo dye
tattoo stain
tavern artifact
tavern building
tavern entity
tavern object
tavern structure
tavern whole
tax abstraction
tax charge
tax entity
tax levy
tax possession
tax relation
tax account
tax charge
tax levy
tax determine
tax strain
tax use
tax affirm
tax charge
tax claim
taxation abstraction
taxation act
taxation enforcement
taxation entity
taxation event
taxation imposition
taxi travel
taxi ride
taxi travel
taxidermist craftsman
taxidermist entity
taxidermist object
taxidermist organism
taxidermist person
taxidermist whole
taxidermist worker
taxis entity
taxis process
taxis reaction
taxis abstraction
taxis act
taxis activity
taxis entity
taxis event
taxis operation
taxis procedure
taxpayer entity
taxpayer object
taxpayer organism
taxpayer payer
taxpayer person
taxpayer whole
tea abstraction
tea beverage
tea entity
tea fluid
tea food
tea liquid
tea matter
tea part
tea relation
tea substance
tea entity
tea food
tea matter
tea meal
tea substance
tea entity
tea object
tea organism
tea plant
tea shrub
tea whole
tea abstraction
tea entity
tea gathering
tea group
tea party
tea reception
tea entity
tea food
tea foodstuff
tea herb
tea ingredient
tea matter
tea substance
teach act
teach communicate
teach inform
teach interact
teach change
teacher adult
teacher educator
teacher entity
teacher object
teacher organism
teacher person
teacher professional
teacher whole
teacher abstraction
teacher cognition
teacher concept
teacher content
teacher entity
teacher idea
teaching abstraction
teaching act
teaching activity
teaching education
teaching entity
teaching event
teaching occupation
teaching profession
teaching abstraction
teaching belief
teaching cognition
teaching content
teaching doctrine
teaching entity
teacup abstraction
teacup entity
teacup measure
teacup article
teacup artifact
teacup container
teacup crockery
teacup cup
teacup entity
teacup instrumentality
teacup object
teacup ware
teacup whole
teal animal
teal bird
teal duck
teal entity
teal object
teal organism
teal vertebrate
teal waterfowl
teal whole
team abstraction
team entity
team group
team organization
team unit
team abstraction
team entity
team group
team act
team group
team interact
team meet
teammate associate
teammate entity
teammate object
teammate organism
teammate peer
teammate person
teammate whole
teamwork abstraction
teamwork act
teamwork cooperation
teamwork entity
teamwork event
teapot artifact
teapot container
teapot entity
teapot implement
teapot instrumentality
teapot object
teapot pot
teapot utensil
teapot vessel
teapot whole
tear abstraction
tear drop
tear entity
tear measure
tear abstraction
tear act
tear action
tear change
tear entity
tear event
tear separation
tear move
tear separate
tear move
tear separate
tear rush
tear travel
tear cry
tease entity
tease object
tease organism
tease person
tease whole
tease abstraction
tease act
tease activity
tease entity
tease event
tease harassment
tease practice
tease annoy
tease harass
tease torment
tease act
tease interact
tease mock
tease treat
tease act
tease interact
tease manipulate
tease move
tease separate
tease shred
tease tear
tease change
tease arrange
tease move
tease order
tease put
tease change
tease separate
tease act
tease interact
tease mock
tease ridicule
tease treat
tease better
tease change
tease comb
tease groom
teaser entity
teaser object
teaser organism
teaser person
teaser whole
teaser worker
teaser abstraction
teaser ad
teaser communication
teaser entity
teaser message
teaser promotion
teaser abstraction
teaser communication
teaser entity
teaser introduction
teaser music
teaser opening
teaser section
teaser writing
teaser artifact
teaser device
teaser entity
teaser instrumentality
teaser object
teaser whole
teasing abstraction
teasing act
teasing activity
teasing diversion
teasing entity
teasing event
teasing play
technical artifact
technical container
technical conveyance
technical entity
technical instrumentality
technical object
technical pickup
technical truck
technical vehicle
technical whole
technician entity
technician object
technician organism
technician person
technician whole
technician worker
technician entity
technician expert
technician object
technician organism
technician person
technician whole
technique ability
technique abstraction
technique cognition
technique entity
technique method
technology abstraction
technology act
technology activity
technology application
technology entity
technology event
technology occupation
technology profession
technology use
teddy artifact
teddy entity
teddy object
teddy plaything
teddy whole
tee entity
tee location
tee object
tee region
tee site
tee tract
tee artifact
tee device
tee entity
tee instrumentality
tee object
tee support
tee whole
tee artifact
tee device
tee entity
tee equipment
tee fastener
tee instrumentality
tee object
tee peg
tee pin
tee restraint
tee whole
tee move
tee put
tee connect
teens abstraction
teens entity
teens measure
teens abstraction
teens entity
teens integer
teens measure
teens number
telecast abstraction
telecast broadcast
telecast communication
telecast entity
telecast message
telecast act
telecast air
telecast communicate
telecast inform
telecast interact
telecast publicize
telecast tell
telecommunication artifact
telecommunication entity
telecommunication instrumentality
telecommunication medium
telecommunication object
telecommunication whole
telecommunication abstraction
telecommunication cognition
telecommunication content
telecommunication discipline
telecommunication engineering
telecommunication entity
telegram abstraction
telegram communication
telegram entity
telegram message
telegraph apparatus
telegraph artifact
telegraph entity
telegraph equipment
telegraph instrumentality
telegraph object
telegraph whole
telepathy abstraction
telepathy communication
telepathy entity
telephone artifact
telephone entity
telephone equipment
telephone instrumentality
telephone object
telephone whole
telephone artifact
telephone entity
telephone instrumentality
telephone medium
telephone object
telephone telecommunication
telephone whole
telescope artifact
telescope device
telescope entity
telescope instrumentality
telescope instrument
telescope magnifier
telescope object
telescope whole
telescope press
telescope squash
telescope touch
telescope abridge
telescope change
telescope decrease
telescope digest
television artifact
television broadcasting
television entity
television instrumentality
television medium
television object
television telecommunication
television whole
television artifact
television entity
television instrumentality
television object
television system
television whole
tell act
tell communicate
tell inform
tell interact
tell act
tell communicate
tell inform
tell interact
tell guess
tell solve
tell understand
tell act
tell communicate
tell inform
tell interact
teller entity
teller object
teller official
teller organism
teller person
teller whole
teller worker
teller banker
teller capitalist
teller entity
teller financier
teller object
teller organism
teller person
teller whole
telling abstraction
telling act
telling entity
telling event
temp entity
temp object
temp organism
temp person
temp whole
temp worker
temper abstraction
temper attribute
temper entity
temper feeling
temper state
temper abstraction
temper attribute
temper disposition
temper entity
temper nature
temper trait
temper abstraction
temper attribute
temper elasticity
temper entity
temper property
temper change
temper modify
temper adjust
temper change
temper weaken
temperament abstraction
temperament attribute
temperament emotionality
temperament entity
temperament trait
temperament abstraction
temperament act
temperament activity
temperament adjustment
temperament calibration
temperament entity
temperament event
temperature abstraction
temperature attribute
temperature entity
temperature measure
temperature property
temperature abstraction
temperature cognition
temperature entity
temperature perception
temperature process
tempest entity
tempest phenomenon
tempest process
tempest storm
tempest windstorm
template abstraction
template cognition
template content
template entity
template model
template representation
temple artifact
temple building
temple entity
temple object
temple structure
temple whole
temple entity
temple feature
temple part
temple thing
temple artifact
temple building
temple entity
temple object
temple structure
temple whole
tempo abstraction
tempo attribute
tempo entity
tempo time
tempo abstraction
tempo entity
tempo rate
tempo relation
tempt ask
tempt communicate
tempt convey
tempt invite
tempt move
tempt request
tempt transfer
tempt arouse
tempt make
tempt stimulate
tempt arouse
tempt make
tempt stimulate
tempt induce
tempt persuade
temptation abstraction
temptation cognition
temptation entity
temptation influence
temptation abstraction
temptation attribute
temptation desire
temptation entity
temptation feeling
temptation state
ten abstraction
ten entity
ten integer
ten measure
ten number
tend be
tend attend
tend care
tend help
tend support
tend control
tend manage
tendency abstraction
tendency attribute
tendency disposition
tendency entity
tendency property
tendency direction
tendency entity
tendency line
tendency location
tendency object
tendency path
tender abstraction
tender entity
tender measure
tender standard
tender artifact
tender car
tender container
tender conveyance
tender entity
tender instrumentality
tender object
tender vehicle
tender whole
tender artifact
tender boat
tender conveyance
tender craft
tender entity
tender instrumentality
tender object
tender vehicle
tender vessel
tender whole
tender artifact
tender conveyance
tender craft
tender entity
tender instrumentality
tender object
tender ship
tender vehicle
tender vessel
tender whole
tender give
tender offer
tender transfer
tender change
tenderfoot entity
tenderfoot novice
tenderfoot object
tenderfoot organism
tenderfoot person
tenderfoot whole
tenderloin cut
tenderloin entity
tenderloin food
tenderloin matter
tenderloin meat
tenderloin solid
tendon entity
tendon part
tendon thing
tendon tissue
tennis abstraction
tennis act
tennis activity
tennis diversion
tennis entity
tennis event
tennis game
tennis sport
tenor abstraction
tenor communication
tenor entity
tenor voice
tenor abstraction
tenor attribute
tenor entity
tenor pitch
tenor property
tenor entertainer
tenor entity
tenor musician
tenor object
tenor organism
tenor performer
tenor person
tenor singer
tenor whole
tenor abstraction
tenor attitude
tenor cognition
tenor direction
tenor entity
tenor inclination
tenor abstraction
tenor cognition
tenor content
tenor entity
tenor idea
tenor meaning
tense abstraction
tense class
tense collection
tense entity
tense group
tense change
tense affect
tense change
tension abstraction
tension attribute
tension condition
tension entity
tension nervousness
tension state
tension strain
tension abstraction
tension attribute
tension condition
tension entity
tension state
tension abstraction
tension attribute
tension balance
tension entity
tension equilibrium
tension situation
tension state
tension entity
tension force
tension phenomenon
tension process
tension stress
tension abstraction
tension act
tension action
tension change
tension entity
tension event
tension expansion
tension increase
tent artifact
tent entity
tent object
tent shelter
tent structure
tent whole
tent entity
tent object
tent web
tentacle abstraction
tentacle attribute
tentacle entity
tentacle grip
tentacle influence
tentacle power
tentacle quality
tentacle entity
tentacle part
tentacle process
tentacle thing
tenth abstraction
tenth attribute
tenth entity
tenth rank
tenth state
tenth status
tenure abstraction
tenure entity
tenure measure
tenure term
tenure abstraction
tenure cognition
tenure concept
tenure content
tenure entity
tenure idea
tenure right
tenure appoint
tenure delegate
tenure promote
term abstraction
term entity
term part
term relation
term word
term abstraction
term entity
term measure
term abstraction
term cognition
term concept
term content
term entity
term idea
term quantity
term abstraction
term arrangement
term communication
term constituent
term entity
term group
term language
term sequence
term series
term string
term abstraction
term entity
term measure
term point
term designate
term label
term name
terminal artifact
terminal entity
terminal facility
terminal object
terminal station
terminal whole
terminal artifact
terminal connection
terminal contact
terminal entity
terminal instrumentality
terminal junction
terminal object
terminal whole
terminal artifact
terminal entity
terminal equipment
terminal instrumentality
terminal object
terminal whole
termination abstraction
termination end
termination entity
termination measure
termination point
termination abstraction
termination act
termination action
termination change
termination entity
termination event
terminology abstraction
terminology entity
terminology part
terminology relation
terminology word
termite animal
termite entity
termite insect
termite invertebrate
termite object
termite organism
termite whole
terrace entity
terrace highland
terrace object
terrace abstraction
terrace arrangement
terrace entity
terrace formation
terrace group
terrace line
terrace row
terrace give
terrace supply
terrace transfer
terrace change
terrace shape
terrain entity
terrain location
terrain object
terrain region
terrain tract
terrier animal
terrier canine
terrier carnivore
terrier dog
terrier entity
terrier mammal
terrier object
terrier organism
terrier vertebrate
terrier whole
terrify arouse
terrify frighten
terrify make
terrify stimulate
territorial entity
territorial object
territorial organism
territorial person
territorial serviceman
territorial soldier
territorial whole
territorial worker
territorial abstraction
territorial entity
territorial group
territorial guard
territorial organization
territorial unit
territory abstraction
territory area
territory cognition
territory content
territory entity
territory topic
territory entity
territory location
territory object
territory region
terror entity
terror object
terror organism
terror person
terror whole
terror child
terror entity
terror juvenile
terror object
terror organism
terror person
terror whole
terror abstraction
terror act
terror coercion
terror enforcement
terror entity
terror event
terrorism abstraction
terrorism act
terrorism coercion
terrorism enforcement
terrorism entity
terrorism event
terrorism terror
terrorist entity
terrorist object
terrorist organism
terrorist person
terrorist radical
terrorist whole
test abstraction
test act
test activity
test entity
test event
test measurement
test abstraction
test act
test activity
test attempt
test entity
test event
test abstraction
test act
test activity
test attempt
test entity
test event
test covering
test entity
test object
test whole
test evaluate
test think
test be
test achieve
test score
test succeed
test determine
test change
test take
test undergo
testament abstraction
testament belief
testament cognition
testament content
testament creed
testament doctrine
testament entity
testament abstraction
testament communication
testament entity
testament evidence
testament indication
testament testimony
testament abstraction
testament communication
testament entity
testament writing
tester artifact
tester canopy
tester covering
tester entity
tester object
tester shelter
tester whole
testify declare
testify express
testify state
testify act
testify communicate
testify inform
testify interact
testimony abstraction
testimony communication
testimony entity
testimony evidence
testimony information
testimony message
testimony abstraction
testimony assertion
testimony communication
testimony declaration
testimony entity
testimony message
testimony statement
testimony abstraction
testimony communication
testimony entity
testimony evidence
testimony indication
testing abstraction
testing act
testing activity
testing entity
testing event
testing experiment
testing investigation
testing research
testing work
testing abstraction
testing act
testing activity
testing entity
testing event
testing examination
testing investigation
testing work
testosterone abstraction
testosterone entity
testosterone hormone
testosterone matter
testosterone part
testosterone relation
testosterone secretion
testosterone substance
tetanus abstraction
tetanus attribute
tetanus condition
tetanus entity
tetanus infection
tetanus state
tetanus abstraction
tetanus act
tetanus action
tetanus change
tetanus contraction
tetanus decrease
tetanus entity
tetanus event
tetanus shortening
tether attach
tether connect
text abstraction
text communication
text entity
text matter
text writing
text abstraction
text communication
text entity
text music
text passage
text section
text writing
text abstraction
text communication
text entity
text matter
text writing
textbook artifact
textbook book
textbook creation
textbook entity
textbook object
textbook product
textbook publication
textbook whole
textbook work
texture abstraction
texture attribute
texture entity
texture property
texture abstraction
texture cognition
texture concept
texture content
texture entity
texture idea
texture property
texture quality
texture abstraction
texture attribute
texture entity
texture property
texture abstraction
texture attribute
texture entity
texture property
texture abstraction
texture attribute
texture constitution
texture entity
texture property
thank act
thank communicate
thank convey
thank impart
thank inform
thank interact
thank tell
thanks abstraction
thanks communication
thanks entity
thanks message
thanks abstraction
thanks act
thanks activity
thanks aid
thanks entity
thanks event
thanksgiving abstraction
thanksgiving day
thanksgiving entity
thanksgiving holiday
thanksgiving measure
thatch covering
thatch entity
thatch hair
thatch object
thatch whole
thatch artifact
thatch entity
thatch object
thatch whole
thatch artifact
thatch covering
thatch entity
thatch object
thatch roof
thatch whole
thatch cover
thatch roof
thaw entity
thaw heating
thaw process
thaw entity
thaw phenomenon
thaw process
thaw weather
thaw abstraction
thaw change
thaw entity
thaw event
thaw happening
thaw relaxation
thaw transformation
thaw weakening
theater artifact
theater building
theater entity
theater object
theater structure
theater whole
theism abstraction
theism attribute
theism belief
theism cognition
theism content
theism entity
theism good
theism morality
theism quality
theism religion
theism virtue
theme abstraction
theme cognition
theme content
theme entity
theme idea
theme abstraction
theme communication
theme entity
theme music
theme tune
theme give
theme supply
theme transfer
then abstraction
then entity
then measure
then point
theologian entity
theologian intellectual
theologian object
theologian organism
theologian person
theologian scholar
theologian whole
theology abstraction
theology cognition
theology content
theology discipline
theology entity
theology ability
theology abstraction
theology cognition
theology entity
theology method
theology system
theology abstraction
theology act
theology activity
theology entity
theology event
theology occupation
theology profession
theorist entity
theorist intellectual
theorist object
theorist organism
theorist person
theorist whole
theory abstraction
theory cognition
theory entity
theory explanation
theory process
theory thinking
theory abstraction
theory belief
theory cognition
theory content
theory entity
therapist entity
therapist expert
therapist object
therapist organism
therapist person
therapist whole
therapy abstraction
therapy act
therapy activity
therapy care
therapy entity
therapy event
therapy treatment
therapy work
there entity
there location
there object
thermal entity
thermal phenomenon
thermal process
thermal weather
thermal wind
thermodynamics abstraction
thermodynamics cognition
thermodynamics content
thermodynamics discipline
thermodynamics entity
thermodynamics physics
thermodynamics science
thermometer artifact
thermometer device
thermometer entity
thermometer instrumentality
thermometer instrument
thermometer object
thermometer whole
thesaurus artifact
thesaurus book
thesaurus creation
thesaurus entity
thesaurus object
thesaurus product
thesaurus publication
thesaurus whole
thesaurus work
thesis abstraction
thesis communication
thesis entity
thesis message
thesis postulate
thesis premise
thesis proposition
thesis statement
thicken change
thickness abstraction
thickness attribute
thickness dimension
thickness entity
thickness magnitude
thickness property
thickness abstraction
thickness articulation
thickness communication
thickness entity
thickness pronunciation
thickness utterance
thickness abstraction
thickness attribute
thickness dimension
thickness entity
thickness magnitude
thickness property
thickness wideness
thickness width
thickness abstraction
thickness attribute
thickness consistency
thickness entity
thickness property
thief criminal
thief entity
thief object
thief organism
thief person
thief principal
thief whole
thigh entity
thigh extremity
thigh limb
thigh part
thigh thing
thin change
thin decrease
thin reduce
thing abstraction
thing attribute
thing entity
thing situation
thing state
thing abstraction
thing act
thing action
thing entity
thing event
thing abstraction
thing cognition
thing concept
thing content
thing entity
thing idea
thing artifact
thing entity
thing object
thing whole
thing abstraction
thing entity
thing event
thing happening
thing abstraction
thing communication
thing entity
thing message
thing statement
thing entity
thing abstraction
thing attribute
thing entity
thing abstraction
thing aim
thing cognition
thing content
thing entity
thing goal
thing abstraction
thing attribute
thing entity
thing feeling
thing state
thing entity
think abstraction
think cognition
think consideration
think deliberation
think entity
think process
think thinking
think evaluate
think think
think evaluate
think expect
think think
think imagine
think make
think concentrate
think think
think evaluate
think think
think change
thinker entity
thinker intellectual
thinker object
thinker organism
thinker person
thinker whole
thinker entity
thinker intellectual
thinker object
thinker organism
thinker person
thinker whole
thinking abstraction
thinking cognition
thinking entity
thinking process
thinness abstraction
thinness attribute
thinness dimension
thinness entity
thinness magnitude
thinness property
thinness abstraction
thinness attribute
thinness consistency
thinness entity
thinness property
third abstraction
third attribute
third entity
third rank
third state
third status
third abstraction
third communication
third entity
third interval
third notation
third writing
thirst abstraction
thirst attribute
thirst condition
thirst drive
thirst entity
thirst state
thirst ache
thirteen abstraction
thirteen entity
thirteen integer
thirteen measure
thirteen number
thirteenth abstraction
thirteenth attribute
thirteenth entity
thirteenth rank
thirteenth state
thirteenth status
thirtieth abstraction
thirtieth attribute
thirtieth entity
thirtieth rank
thirtieth state
thirtieth status
thirty abstraction
thirty entity
thirty integer
thirty measure
thirty number
thistle entity
thistle object
thistle organism
thistle plant
thistle weed
thistle whole
thong artifact
thong clothing
thong commodity
thong covering
thong entity
thong garment
thong object
thong whole
thong artifact
thong entity
thong implement
thong instrumentality
thong object
thong whole
thorax entity
thorax part
thorax thing
thorax entity
thorax part
thorax thing
thorax entity
thorax part
thorax thing
thorn abstraction
thorn character
thorn communication
thorn entity
thorn signal
thorn symbol
thoroughbred adult
thoroughbred entity
thoroughbred object
thoroughbred organism
thoroughbred person
thoroughbred whole
thoroughbred animal
thoroughbred entity
thoroughbred horse
thoroughbred mammal
thoroughbred object
thoroughbred organism
thoroughbred vertebrate
thoroughbred whole
thoroughbred animal
thoroughbred entity
thoroughbred object
thoroughbred organism
thoroughbred whole
thoroughfare artifact
thoroughfare entity
thoroughfare object
thoroughfare road
thoroughfare way
thoroughfare whole
thought abstraction
thought belief
thought cognition
thought content
thought entity
thousand abstraction
thousand entity
thousand integer
thousand measure
thousand number
thrash abstraction
thrash act
thrash action
thrash change
thrash entity
thrash event
thrash kick
thrash motion
thrash beat
thrash move
thrash swap
thrash travel
thrash beat
thrash strike
thrash touch
thread artifact
thread cord
thread entity
thread line
thread object
thread whole
thread guide
thread extract
thread remove
thread guide
threat abstraction
threat act
threat entity
threat event
threat warning
threat abstraction
threat communication
threat declaration
threat entity
threat message
threat statement
threaten act
threaten communicate
threaten inform
threaten interact
threaten warn
threaten act
threaten bode
threaten communicate
threaten inform
threaten interact
threaten tell
three abstraction
three digit
three entity
three integer
three measure
three number
threshold abstraction
threshold beginning
threshold entity
threshold measure
threshold point
threshold abstraction
threshold cognition
threshold entity
threshold perception
threshold process
threshold sensation
thrift entity
thrift object
thrift organism
thrift plant
thrift shrub
thrift whole
thrill abstraction
thrill act
thrill action
thrill arousal
thrill change
thrill entity
thrill event
thrill excitation
thrill stimulate
thrill arouse
thrill make
thrill stimulate
thriller abstraction
thriller communication
thriller entity
thriller fiction
thriller story
thriller writing
thrive change
throat cavity
throat entity
throat part
throat structure
throat thing
throat artifact
throat entity
throat object
throat opening
throat whole
throat artifact
throat entity
throat object
throat passage
throat way
throat whole
throat entity
throat part
throat thing
throb abstraction
throb cognition
throb entity
throb evidence
throb information
throb pain
throb symptom
throb abstraction
throb entity
throb event
throb happening
throb pulse
throb ache
throne artifact
throne chair
throne entity
throne furnishing
throne furniture
throne instrumentality
throne object
throne seat
throne whole
throne abstraction
throne act
throne activity
throne entity
throne event
throne occupation
throne position
throne control
throne govern
throng act
throng crowd
throng interact
throng meet
throw abstraction
throw act
throw entity
throw event
throw propulsion
throw abstraction
throw attribute
throw being
throw entity
throw opportunity
throw possibility
throw state
throw abstraction
throw entity
throw event
throw happening
throw movement
throw artifact
throw covering
throw entity
throw object
throw whole
throw abstraction
throw act
throw activity
throw diversion
throw entity
throw event
throw gambling
throw transgression
throw vice
throw move
throw put
throw engage
throw move
throw put
throw make
throw shape
throw displace
throw move
throw transmit
throw turn
thrower entity
thrower object
thrower organism
thrower person
thrower whole
thrush entity
thrush infection
thrush process
thrush entertainer
thrush entity
thrush musician
thrush object
thrush organism
thrush performer
thrush person
thrush singer
thrush whole
thrush animal
thrush bird
thrush entity
thrush object
thrush organism
thrush vertebrate
thrush whole
thrust abstraction
thrust communication
thrust criticism
thrust disapproval
thrust entity
thrust message
thrust move
thrust push
thrust move
thrust push
thud sound
thud hit
thud touch
thumb digit
thumb entity
thumb extremity
thumb finger
thumb part
thumb thing
thumb artifact
thumb covering
thumb entity
thumb object
thumb whole
thumbnail entity
thumbnail fingernail
thumbnail nail
thumbnail part
thumbnail structure
thumbnail thing
thump abstraction
thump entity
thump event
thump happening
thump sound
thump abstraction
thump act
thump action
thump blow
thump change
thump entity
thump event
thump motion
thump stroke
thump hit
thump touch
thunder abstraction
thunder entity
thunder event
thunder happening
thunder noise
thunder sound
thunder move
thunder act
thunder communicate
thunder interact
thunder shout
thunder talk
thunder roar
thunder sound
thunderbolt abstraction
thunderbolt discharge
thunderbolt entity
thunderbolt event
thunderbolt happening
thunderbolt lightning
thunderbolt phenomenon
thunderbolt process
thunderclap abstraction
thunderclap entity
thunderclap event
thunderclap happening
thunderclap noise
thunderclap sound
thunderclap thunder
thunderstorm entity
thunderstorm phenomenon
thunderstorm process
thunderstorm storm
thyme entity
thyme herb
thyme object
thyme organism
thyme plant
thyme whole
thyme entity
thyme food
thyme foodstuff
thyme herb
thyme ingredient
thyme matter
thyme substance
tiara artifact
tiara clothing
tiara commodity
tiara covering
tiara entity
tiara headdress
tiara object
tiara whole
tibia bone
tibia entity
tibia part
tibia thing
tibia tissue
tic abstraction
tic cognition
tic entity
tic evidence
tic information
tic spasm
tic symptom
tic twitch
tick abstraction
tick entity
tick event
tick happening
tick sound
tick animal
tick entity
tick invertebrate
tick object
tick organism
tick whole
tick artifact
tick entity
tick mattress
tick object
tick pad
tick whole
tick sound
tick attach
tick connect
tick fasten
tick sew
ticker artifact
ticker device
ticker entity
ticker instrumentality
ticker machine
ticker object
ticker printer
ticker whole
ticket abstraction
ticket communication
ticket document
ticket entity
ticket writing
ticket abstraction
ticket communication
ticket document
ticket entity
ticket summons
ticket writing
ticket abstraction
ticket appropriateness
ticket attribute
ticket entity
ticket quality
ticket suitability
ticket book
ticket have
ticket keep
ticket record
ticket save
ticket give
ticket supply
ticket transfer
tickle abstraction
tickle cognition
tickle entity
tickle perception
tickle process
tickle touch
tickle abstraction
tickle act
tickle entity
tickle event
tickle touch
tickle ache
tickle itch
tickle caress
tickle stroke
tickle touch
tide abstraction
tide entity
tide event
tide happening
tide abstraction
tide change
tide entity
tide event
tide happening
tide variation
tide abstraction
tide entity
tide measure
tide move
tide run
tide float
tide move
tide transport
tide float
tide travel
tidewater entity
tidewater land
tidewater object
tidy artifact
tidy container
tidy entity
tidy instrumentality
tidy object
tidy receptacle
tidy whole
tidy arrange
tidy move
tidy order
tidy put
tie abstraction
tie attribute
tie entity
tie equality
tie state
tie status
tie artifact
tie beam
tie device
tie entity
tie instrumentality
tie object
tie part
tie piece
tie support
tie whole
tie abstraction
tie communication
tie entity
tie notation
tie slur
tie writing
tie artifact
tie brace
tie device
tie entity
tie instrumentality
tie object
tie support
tie whole
tie artifact
tie cord
tie entity
tie line
tie object
tie whole
tie attach
tie connect
tie fasten
tie change
tie equal
tie control
tie forget
tie inhibit
tie restrain
tie restrict
tie suppress
tie change
tie shape
tie fashion
tie make
tie connect
tier contestant
tier entity
tier object
tier organism
tier person
tier rival
tier whole
tier entity
tier object
tier organism
tier person
tier whole
tier worker
tier artifact
tier entity
tier line
tier object
tier rope
tier whole
tier artifact
tier entity
tier layer
tier object
tier whole
tiger entity
tiger object
tiger organism
tiger person
tiger whole
tiger animal
tiger carnivore
tiger entity
tiger feline
tiger mammal
tiger object
tiger organism
tiger vertebrate
tiger whole
tighten change
tightness abstraction
tightness attribute
tightness entity
tightness immobility
tightness immovability
tightness quality
tigress animal
tigress carnivore
tigress entity
tigress feline
tigress mammal
tigress object
tigress organism
tigress tiger
tigress vertebrate
tigress whole
tile artifact
tile block
tile entity
tile object
tile slab
tile whole
tile artifact
tile entity
tile object
tile whole
tile artifact
tile entity
tile equipment
tile instrumentality
tile man
tile object
tile whole
tile cover
till abstraction
till earth
till entity
till material
till matter
till part
till relation
till soil
till substance
till change
till transform
till work
tiller entity
tiller object
tiller shoot
tiller sprout
tiller whole
tiller creator
tiller entity
tiller farmer
tiller object
tiller organism
tiller person
tiller whole
tiller artifact
tiller bar
tiller entity
tiller implement
tiller instrumentality
tiller lever
tiller object
tiller whole
tilt abstraction
tilt attitude
tilt cognition
tilt entity
tilt inclination
tilt partiality
tilt abstraction
tilt entity
tilt position
tilt relation
tilt contend
tilt joust
timber artifact
timber beam
timber device
timber entity
timber instrumentality
timber object
timber part
timber piece
timber support
timber whole
timber artifact
timber device
timber entity
timber instrumentality
timber object
timber post
timber support
timber upright
timber whole
time abstraction
time case
time entity
time event
time happening
time abstraction
time entity
time measure
time abstraction
time entity
time measure
time abstraction
time entity
time measure
time moment
time point
time abstraction
time attribute
time entity
time abstraction
time entity
time event
time experience
time happening
time plan
time schedule
time think
time cause
time determine
time make
time adjust
time change
time adjust
time change
timekeeping abstraction
timekeeping act
timekeeping activity
timekeeping entity
timekeeping event
timer artifact
timer device
timer entity
timer instrumentality
timer instrument
timer object
timer whole
timer artifact
timer control
timer device
timer entity
timer governor
timer instrumentality
timer mechanism
timer object
timer whole
times abstraction
times entity
times measure
timetable abstraction
timetable communication
timetable database
timetable entity
timetable information
timetable list
timetable message
timetable schedule
timetable abstraction
timetable communication
timetable database
timetable entity
timetable information
timetable list
timetable message
timetable schedule
timid abstraction
timid entity
timid group
timid people
timidity abstraction
timidity attribute
timidity emotion
timidity entity
timidity fear
timidity feeling
timidity state
timidity abstraction
timidity attribute
timidity character
timidity cowardice
timidity entity
timidity fearfulness
timidity spirit
timidity trait
timing abstraction
timing attribute
timing entity
timing property
timing abstraction
timing act
timing activity
timing control
timing entity
timing event
timing regulation
timothy entity
timothy grass
timothy herb
timothy object
timothy organism
timothy plant
timothy whole
timothy entity
timothy feed
timothy fodder
timothy food
timothy hay
timothy matter
timothy substance
tin abstraction
tin entity
tin matter
tin part
tin relation
tin substance
tin artifact
tin container
tin entity
tin instrumentality
tin object
tin vessel
tin whole
tin coat
tin cover
tin plate
tin coat
tin cover
tin plate
tinker entity
tinker object
tinker organism
tinker person
tinker whole
tinker employee
tinker entity
tinker laborer
tinker object
tinker organism
tinker person
tinker whole
tinker worker
tinker workman
tinker work
tinker better
tinker change
tinker repair
tinkle sound
tint change
tint color
tinting abstraction
tinting act
tinting action
tinting change
tinting coloring
tinting entity
tinting event
tip end
tip entity
tip extremity
tip location
tip object
tip region
tip abstraction
tip communication
tip entity
tip guidance
tip message
tip move
tip turn
tip change
tip mark
tip give
tip remove
tire artifact
tire band
tire entity
tire hoop
tire object
tire strip
tire whole
tire change
tire worsen
tire change
tissue entity
tissue part
tissue thing
tissue abstraction
tissue entity
tissue material
tissue matter
tissue paper
tissue part
tissue relation
tissue substance
titanium abstraction
titanium entity
titanium matter
titanium part
titanium relation
titanium substance
title abstraction
title communication
title entity
title heading
title line
title matter
title text
title writing
title abstraction
title entity
title name
title part
title relation
title abstraction
title communication
title entity
title heading
title line
title matter
title text
title writing
title abstraction
title entity
title name
title part
title relation
title abstraction
title cognition
title concept
title content
title entity
title idea
title right
title abstraction
title communication
title entity
title writing
title abstraction
title entity
title name
title part
title relation
toadstool entity
toadstool fungus
toadstool object
toadstool organism
toadstool whole
toast bread
toast entity
toast food
toast foodstuff
toast matter
toast solid
toast substance
toast adult
toast celebrity
toast entity
toast object
toast organism
toast person
toast whole
toast evaluate
toast honor
toast prize
toast recognize
toast see
toast think
tobacco abstraction
tobacco agent
tobacco drug
tobacco entity
tobacco material
tobacco matter
tobacco part
tobacco relation
tobacco substance
tobacco entity
tobacco herb
tobacco object
tobacco organism
tobacco plant
tobacco whole
today abstraction
today attribute
today entity
today present
today time
today abstraction
today day
today entity
today measure
toe digit
toe entity
toe extremity
toe part
toe thing
toe artifact
toe covering
toe entity
toe object
toe whole
toe entity
toe part
toe thing
toe entity
toe object
toe part
toe travel
toe walk
toe force
toe move
toe push
toe thrust
toe hit
toe move
toe hit
toe move
toe touch
toga artifact
toga cloak
toga clothing
toga commodity
toga covering
toga entity
toga garment
toga object
toga whole
togetherness abstraction
togetherness attribute
togetherness belonging
togetherness closeness
togetherness entity
togetherness feeling
togetherness happiness
togetherness state
toilet area
toilet artifact
toilet entity
toilet object
toilet room
toilet structure
toilet whole
toilet artifact
toilet entity
toilet fixture
toilet object
toilet whole
toilet abstraction
toilet act
toilet activity
toilet covering
toilet dressing
toilet entity
toilet event
toilet protection
toke breath
toke entity
toke inhalation
toke process
toke puff
token abstraction
token communication
token entity
token signal
token symbol
token abstraction
token clue
token communication
token entity
token evidence
token indication
token sign
token artifact
token circle
token device
token disk
token entity
token instrumentality
token mechanism
token object
token plate
token sheet
token whole
tolerance abstraction
tolerance attribute
tolerance endurance
tolerance entity
tolerance property
tolerance strength
tolerance abstraction
tolerance act
tolerance allowance
tolerance authorization
tolerance entity
tolerance event
tolerance license
tolerance management
tolerance abstraction
tolerance attitude
tolerance cognition
tolerance entity
tolerate accept
tolerate evaluate
tolerate respect
tolerate think
tolerate change
tolerate experience
tolerate suffer
tolerate undergo
toleration abstraction
toleration attribute
toleration disposition
toleration entity
toleration nature
toleration trait
toleration abstraction
toleration act
toleration authorization
toleration entity
toleration event
toleration license
toleration management
toll abstraction
toll charge
toll cost
toll entity
toll fee
toll possession
toll relation
toll ring
toll sound
toll account
toll charge
toll levy
tom black
tom entity
tom object
tom organism
tom person
tom whole
tom animal
tom carnivore
tom cat
tom entity
tom feline
tom mammal
tom object
tom organism
tom vertebrate
tom whole
tomahawk artifact
tomahawk device
tomahawk entity
tomahawk instrumentality
tomahawk instrument
tomahawk object
tomahawk weapon
tomahawk whole
tomahawk cut
tomahawk move
tomahawk separate
tomahawk kill
tomato entity
tomato food
tomato matter
tomato produce
tomato solid
tomato vegetable
tomato entity
tomato herb
tomato object
tomato organism
tomato plant
tomato whole
tomorrow abstraction
tomorrow day
tomorrow entity
tomorrow measure
tomorrow abstraction
tomorrow attribute
tomorrow entity
tomorrow future
tomorrow time
tone abstraction
tone communication
tone entity
tone abstraction
tone attribute
tone entity
tone pitch
tone property
tone abstraction
tone cognition
tone entity
tone perception
tone process
tone sensation
tone sound
tone abstraction
tone communication
tone entity
tone interval
tone notation
tone writing
tone abstraction
tone attribute
tone entity
tone quality
tone act
tone communicate
tone interact
tone talk
tone act
tone communicate
tone interact
tone talk
tone change
tone color
tone exercise
tongs artifact
tongs device
tongs entity
tongs instrumentality
tongs object
tongs whole
tongue entity
tongue organ
tongue part
tongue thing
tongue abstraction
tongue attribute
tongue entity
tongue projection
tongue shape
tongue solid
tongue abstraction
tongue communication
tongue entity
tongue food
tongue matter
tongue meat
tongue solid
tongue artifact
tongue covering
tongue entity
tongue flap
tongue object
tongue whole
tongue make
tongue play
tongue lick
tongue stroke
tongue touch
tonic abstraction
tonic beverage
tonic entity
tonic fluid
tonic food
tonic liquid
tonic matter
tonic part
tonic relation
tonic substance
tonic abstraction
tonic communication
tonic entity
tonic notation
tonic note
tonic writing
tonic agent
tonic drug
tonic entity
tonic matter
tonic medicine
tonic substance
tonight abstraction
tonight attribute
tonight entity
tonight present
tonight time
tonsil entity
tonsil part
tonsil thing
tonsil tissue
tonsillitis abstraction
tonsillitis cognition
tonsillitis entity
tonsillitis evidence
tonsillitis inflammation
tonsillitis information
tonsillitis symptom
tool artifact
tool entity
tool implement
tool instrumentality
tool object
tool whole
tool drive
tool handle
tool manipulate
tool operate
tool touch
tool give
tool supply
tool transfer
tool change
tool transform
tool work
tooth bone
tooth entity
tooth part
tooth thing
tooth tissue
tooth artifact
tooth entity
tooth object
tooth projection
tooth structure
tooth whole
tooth entity
tooth part
tooth structure
tooth thing
tooth abstraction
tooth act
tooth entity
tooth event
tooth implementation
tooth means
tooth artifact
tooth entity
tooth object
tooth projection
tooth structure
tooth whole
toothache abstraction
toothache ache
toothache cognition
toothache entity
toothache evidence
toothache information
toothache pain
toothache symptom
toothbrush artifact
toothbrush brush
toothbrush entity
toothbrush implement
toothbrush instrumentality
toothbrush object
toothbrush whole
top entity
top location
top object
top region
top boundary
top entity
top extremity
top location
top object
top region
top side
top surface
top abstraction
top cognition
top concept
top content
top entity
top idea
top part
top turn
top abstraction
top attribute
top degree
top entity
top intensity
top property
top artifact
top entity
top object
top platform
top surface
top whole
top artifact
top entity
top object
top plaything
top whole
top artifact
top covering
top entity
top object
top whole
top artifact
top clothing
top commodity
top covering
top entity
top object
top whole
top be
top lie
top give
top supply
top transfer
top reach
top hit
top move
top change
top decrease
top reduce
top snip
top change
top complete
top end
topaz abstraction
topaz entity
topaz material
topaz matter
topaz mineral
topaz part
topaz quartz
topaz relation
topaz substance
topaz abstraction
topaz crystal
topaz entity
topaz gem
topaz material
topaz matter
topaz mineral
topaz part
topaz relation
topaz solid
topaz substance
topic abstraction
topic cognition
topic content
topic entity
topography abstraction
topography attribute
topography entity
topography property
topography shape
topography abstraction
topography cognition
topography content
topography discipline
topography entity
topography geography
topography science
topping artifact
topping decoration
topping entity
topping garnish
topping object
topping whole
topple move
topple push
topside artifact
topside deck
topside entity
topside object
topside platform
topside surface
topside whole
topsoil abstraction
topsoil earth
topsoil entity
topsoil material
topsoil matter
topsoil part
topsoil relation
topsoil soil
topsoil substance
torch artifact
torch device
torch entity
torch instrumentality
torch light
torch object
torch whole
torch burn
torch destroy
torchbearer entity
torchbearer leader
torchbearer object
torchbearer organism
torchbearer person
torchbearer whole
torment arouse
torment make
torment pain
torment upset
torment annoy
torment harass
tornado cyclone
tornado entity
tornado phenomenon
tornado process
tornado storm
tornado windstorm
torrent abstraction
torrent current
torrent entity
torrent event
torrent flow
torrent happening
torrent movement
torso entity
torso part
torso thing
tortoise animal
tortoise entity
tortoise object
tortoise organism
tortoise reptile
tortoise turtle
tortoise vertebrate
tortoise whole
torture abstraction
torture cognition
torture entity
torture evidence
torture information
torture pain
torture symptom
torture abstraction
torture act
torture activity
torture entity
torture event
torture maltreatment
torture persecution
torture practice
torture change
torture hurt
torture injure
toss abstraction
toss act
toss action
toss change
toss entity
toss event
toss motion
toss agitate
toss move
tot abstraction
tot entity
tot measure
total be
total count
total determine
total change
total damage
totalitarian disciple
totalitarian entity
totalitarian follower
totalitarian object
totalitarian organism
totalitarian person
totalitarian whole
totality abstraction
totality attribute
totality entity
totality generality
totality quality
totem abstraction
totem entity
totem group
totem kin
totem artifact
totem decoration
totem design
totem emblem
totem entity
totem object
totem whole
toucan animal
toucan bird
toucan entity
toucan object
toucan organism
toucan vertebrate
toucan whole
touch abstraction
touch contact
touch entity
touch event
touch happening
touch ability
touch abstraction
touch cognition
touch entity
touch faculty
touch sense
touch sensitivity
touch abstraction
touch communication
touch entity
touch message
touch proposal
touch suggestion
touch abstraction
touch attribute
touch entity
touch manner
touch property
touch abstraction
touch act
touch entity
touch event
touch abstraction
touch entity
touch measure
touch abstraction
touch affliction
touch attack
touch entity
touch event
touch happening
touch trouble
touch abstraction
touch act
touch entity
touch event
touch request
touch solicitation
touch abstraction
touch cognition
touch entity
touch perception
touch process
touch abstraction
touch adeptness
touch attribute
touch entity
touch skillfulness
touch state
touch abstraction
touch attribute
touch entity
touch property
touch perceive
touch affect
touch control
touch manage
touch touch
touch change
touch understand
touchdown abstraction
touchdown accomplishment
touchdown act
touchdown action
touchdown attainment
touchdown entity
touchdown event
touchdown score
touchdown success
touchdown abstraction
touchdown act
touchdown action
touchdown arrival
touchdown entity
touchdown event
touchdown landing
tour abstraction
tour act
tour action
tour change
tour entity
tour event
tour journey
tour motion
tour travel
tourism abstraction
tourism act
tourism commerce
tourism entity
tourism event
tourism transaction
tourist entity
tourist object
tourist organism
tourist person
tourist traveler
tourist whole
tournament abstraction
tournament contest
tournament entity
tournament event
tournament abstraction
tournament contest
tournament entity
tournament event
tow abstraction
tow act
tow draw
tow entity
tow event
tow propulsion
tow pull
tow drag
tow move
tow pull
towel artifact
towel entity
towel fabric
towel object
towel part
towel piece
towel whole
towel guide
towel rub
towel wipe
tower artifact
tower entity
tower object
tower structure
tower whole
town district
town entity
town location
town municipality
town object
town region
town abstraction
town entity
town gathering
town group
town municipality
town architect
town creator
town entity
town object
town organism
town person
town whole
township district
township entity
township location
township object
township region
townsman entity
townsman object
townsman organism
townsman peer
townsman person
townsman whole
townsman entity
townsman inhabitant
townsman object
townsman organism
townsman person
townsman resident
townsman whole
toy artifact
toy copy
toy creation
toy entity
toy object
toy replica
toy representation
toy whole
toy artifact
toy device
toy entity
toy instrumentality
toy object
toy whole
toy handle
toy manipulate
toy touch
trace abstraction
trace entity
trace measure
trace abstraction
trace communication
trace entity
trace indication
trace artifact
trace entity
trace line
trace object
trace whole
trace abstraction
trace communication
trace entity
trace indication
trace mark
trace analyze
trace change
trace mark
trace return
trace travel
trace detect
trace perceive
trace spy
trace proceed
trace travel
trace copy
trace make
tracer defender
tracer detective
tracer entity
tracer object
tracer organism
tracer person
tracer policeman
tracer whole
tracer artifact
tracer device
tracer entity
tracer instrumentality
tracer instrument
tracer object
tracer whole
tracer abstraction
tracer atom
tracer entity
tracer isotope
tracer matter
tracer part
tracer relation
tracer substance
tracer ammunition
tracer artifact
tracer entity
tracer instrumentality
tracer object
tracer weaponry
tracer whole
trachea duct
trachea entity
trachea part
trachea passage
trachea structure
trachea thing
trachea entity
trachea part
trachea structure
trachea thing
trachea tube
tracing abstraction
tracing act
tracing activity
tracing art
tracing creation
tracing drawing
tracing entity
tracing event
tracing artifact
tracing creation
tracing drawing
tracing entity
tracing object
tracing representation
tracing whole
tracing abstraction
tracing act
tracing discovery
tracing entity
tracing event
track artifact
track entity
track object
track whole
track abstraction
track attribute
track belt
track curve
track entity
track line
track loop
track shape
track entity
track line
track location
track object
track path
track abstraction
track attribute
track depression
track entity
track groove
track shape
track solid
track artifact
track bar
track entity
track implement
track instrumentality
track object
track whole
track artifact
track entity
track object
track road
track way
track whole
track abstraction
track act
track activity
track diversion
track entity
track event
track sport
track observe
track watch
track make
tracker entity
tracker hunter
tracker object
tracker organism
tracker person
tracker whole
tracker worker
tract entity
tract location
tract object
tract region
tract entity
tract part
tract system
tract thing
tract abstraction
tract communication
tract entity
tract writing
traction abstraction
traction act
traction entity
traction event
traction propulsion
traction pull
tractor artifact
tractor container
tractor conveyance
tractor entity
tractor instrumentality
tractor object
tractor vehicle
tractor whole
tractor artifact
tractor container
tractor conveyance
tractor entity
tractor instrumentality
tractor object
tractor truck
tractor vehicle
tractor whole
trade abstraction
trade act
trade commerce
trade entity
trade event
trade transaction
trade abstraction
trade act
trade activity
trade entity
trade event
trade occupation
trade abstraction
trade act
trade activity
trade business
trade enterprise
trade entity
trade event
trade undertaking
trade work
trade exchange
trade transfer
trade be
trade sell
trade exchange
trade transfer
trademark abstraction
trademark communication
trademark entity
trademark marker
trademark signal
trademark symbol
trademark file
trademark have
trademark keep
trademark record
trademark register
trademark save
trader businessperson
trader capitalist
trader entity
trader merchant
trader object
trader organism
trader person
trader whole
trading abstraction
trading act
trading commerce
trading entity
trading event
trading transaction
tradition abstraction
tradition cognition
tradition content
tradition entity
traditionalism abstraction
traditionalism attribute
traditionalism entity
traditionalism quality
traditionalism abstraction
traditionalism act
traditionalism activity
traditionalism aid
traditionalism attachment
traditionalism entity
traditionalism event
traditionalism support
traditionalism abstraction
traditionalism belief
traditionalism cognition
traditionalism content
traditionalism doctrine
traditionalism entity
traditionalist adult
traditionalist conservative
traditionalist entity
traditionalist object
traditionalist organism
traditionalist person
traditionalist whole
traffic abstraction
traffic collection
traffic entity
traffic group
traffic abstraction
traffic act
traffic commerce
traffic entity
traffic event
traffic transaction
traffic abstraction
traffic act
traffic communication
traffic entity
traffic event
traffic trade
tragedy abstraction
tragedy communication
tragedy drama
tragedy entity
tragicomedy abstraction
tragicomedy communication
tragicomedy drama
tragicomedy entity
tragicomedy tragedy
trail entity
trail line
trail location
trail object
trail path
trail artifact
trail entity
trail object
trail road
trail track
trail way
trail whole
trail travel
trail drag
trail move
trail pull
trailblazer entity
trailblazer expert
trailblazer object
trailblazer organism
trailblazer person
trailblazer scout
trailblazer whole
trailer artifact
trailer conveyance
trailer entity
trailer instrumentality
trailer object
trailer whole
trailer artifact
trailer container
trailer conveyance
trailer entity
trailer instrumentality
trailer object
trailer vehicle
trailer whole
train artifact
train conveyance
train entity
train instrumentality
train object
train whole
train abstraction
train consequence
train ending
train entity
train event
train happening
train result
train artifact
train entity
train fabric
train object
train part
train piece
train whole
train act
train communicate
train inform
train interact
train teach
train learn
train exercise
train control
train forget
train inhibit
train restrain
train suppress
train ride
train travel
trainee entity
trainee novice
trainee object
trainee organism
trainee person
trainee whole
trainer entity
trainer leader
trainer object
trainer organism
trainer person
trainer whole
training abstraction
training act
training activity
training entity
training event
trait abstraction
trait attribute
trait entity
traitor criminal
traitor entity
traitor object
traitor organism
traitor person
traitor principal
traitor whole
trajectory entity
trajectory phenomenon
trajectory process
tramp entity
tramp object
tramp organism
tramp person
tramp traveler
tramp unfortunate
tramp vagrant
tramp wanderer
tramp whole
tramp abstraction
tramp entity
tramp event
tramp happening
tramp sound
tramp hike
tramp travel
tramp walk
tramp pass
tramp travel
tramp traverse
trance abstraction
trance attribute
trance condition
trance entity
trance state
transact act
transact interact
transaction abstraction
transaction act
transaction entity
transaction event
transcendence abstraction
transcendence attribute
transcendence being
transcendence entity
transcendence state
transcendence abstraction
transcendence attribute
transcendence condition
transcendence dominance
transcendence domination
transcendence entity
transcendence state
transcript abstraction
transcript communication
transcript entity
transcript writing
transcript abstraction
transcript communication
transcript entity
transcript evidence
transcript indication
transcript record
transcription abstraction
transcription communication
transcription entity
transcription process
transcription artifact
transcription device
transcription entity
transcription instrumentality
transcription object
transcription recording
transcription whole
transfer entity
transfer object
transfer organism
transfer person
transfer whole
transfer abstraction
transfer act
transfer action
transfer change
transfer entity
transfer event
transfer abstraction
transfer communication
transfer document
transfer entity
transfer ticket
transfer writing
transfer abstraction
transfer cognition
transfer entity
transfer learning
transfer process
transfer abstraction
transfer act
transfer entity
transfer event
transfer transaction
transfer appoint
transfer delegate
transfer move
transfer travel
transfer change
transfer shift
transference abstraction
transference cognition
transference displacement
transference entity
transference process
transfiguration abstraction
transfiguration day
transfiguration entity
transfiguration holiday
transfiguration measure
transfiguration abstraction
transfiguration entity
transfiguration event
transfiguration miracle
transfiguration abstraction
transfiguration act
transfiguration action
transfiguration change
transfiguration entity
transfiguration event
transfiguration revision
transfiguration transformation
transfiguration abstraction
transfiguration act
transfiguration action
transfiguration change
transfiguration entity
transfiguration event
transfiguration transformation
transform change
transformation abstraction
transformation change
transformation entity
transformation event
transformation happening
transformation abstraction
transformation entity
transformation function
transformation relation
transformation abstraction
transformation cognition
transformation concept
transformation content
transformation entity
transformation idea
transformation rule
transformation abstraction
transformation act
transformation action
transformation change
transformation entity
transformation event
transformation abstraction
transformation act
transformation action
transformation change
transformation entity
transformation event
transformer artifact
transformer device
transformer entity
transformer instrumentality
transformer object
transformer whole
transfuse move
transfuse pour
transfuse administer
transfuse treat
transfusion abstraction
transfusion act
transfusion action
transfusion change
transfusion entity
transfusion event
transfusion insertion
transfusion movement
transfusion abstraction
transfusion act
transfusion action
transfusion entity
transfusion event
transgression abstraction
transgression act
transgression activity
transgression entity
transgression event
transgression entity
transgression phenomenon
transgression process
transgression abstraction
transgression act
transgression action
transgression entity
transgression event
transgressor entity
transgressor object
transgressor organism
transgressor person
transgressor whole
transient entity
transient object
transient organism
transient person
transient traveler
transient whole
transient abstraction
transient entity
transient event
transient happening
transient movement
transient wave
transistor artifact
transistor conductor
transistor device
transistor entity
transistor instrumentality
transistor object
transistor whole
transit pass
transit travel
transit pass
transit travel
transit move
transit roll
transit bring
transit move
transit transport
transition abstraction
transition change
transition entity
transition event
transition happening
transition abstraction
transition communication
transition entity
transition music
transition passage
transition abstraction
transition communication
transition entity
transition music
transition passage
transition section
transition writing
transition change
transition convert
transition switch
translate act
translate communicate
translate inform
translate interact
translate repeat
translate tell
translate change
translate move
translate transmit
translate move
translate equal
translate be
translate move
translate act
translate communicate
translate inform
translate interact
translate paraphrase
translate repeat
translate tell
translate determine
translation abstraction
translation communication
translation entity
translation evidence
translation indication
translation record
translation abstraction
translation entity
translation event
translation happening
translation movement
translation abstraction
translation entity
translation function
translation relation
translation transformation
translation entity
translation process
translation abstraction
translation communication
translation editing
translation entity
translation paraphrase
translation writing
translation abstraction
translation act
translation action
translation change
translation entity
translation event
translation motion
translator entity
translator linguist
translator object
translator organism
translator person
translator whole
translator abstraction
translator code
translator communication
translator entity
translator program
translator software
translator writing
transmigration abstraction
transmigration birth
transmigration change
transmigration entity
transmigration event
transmigration happening
transmigration reincarnation
transmission abstraction
transmission act
transmission causing
transmission entity
transmission event
transmission sending
transmission abstraction
transmission act
transmission communication
transmission entity
transmission event
transmission artifact
transmission device
transmission entity
transmission gear
transmission instrumentality
transmission mechanism
transmission object
transmission whole
transmit move
transmitter artifact
transmitter entity
transmitter equipment
transmitter instrumentality
transmitter object
transmitter set
transmitter whole
transparency entity
transparency phenomenon
transparency process
transparency abstraction
transparency attribute
transparency clearness
transparency entity
transparency quality
transpire flow
transpire move
transpire change
transpire evaporate
transpire change
transpire happen
transpire excrete
transpire exhaust
transpire exude
transplant abstraction
transplant act
transplant activity
transplant entity
transplant event
transplant operation
transplant procedure
transplant abstraction
transplant act
transplant action
transplant change
transplant entity
transplant event
transplant movement
transplant displace
transplant move
transplant be
transplant attach
transplant connect
transplant insert
transport diffusion
transport entity
transport process
transport move
transportation abstraction
transportation act
transportation action
transportation change
transportation entity
transportation event
transportation movement
transportation abstraction
transportation act
transportation commerce
transportation entity
transportation event
transportation transaction
transporter artifact
transporter container
transporter conveyance
transporter entity
transporter instrumentality
transporter object
transporter truck
transporter vehicle
transporter whole
transporter artifact
transporter crane
transporter device
transporter entity
transporter instrumentality
transporter object
transporter whole
transpose abstraction
transpose arrangement
transpose array
transpose entity
transpose group
transpose matrix
transpose move
transpose transfer
transpose arrange
transpose compose
transpose make
transpose change
transposition abnormality
transposition abstraction
transposition attribute
transposition condition
transposition entity
transposition state
transposition abstraction
transposition change
transposition entity
transposition event
transposition happening
transposition mutation
transposition abstraction
transposition act
transposition activity
transposition calculation
transposition entity
transposition event
transposition procedure
transposition abstraction
transposition act
transposition activity
transposition arrangement
transposition creation
transposition entity
transposition event
transposition rearrangement
transposition abstraction
transposition act
transposition activity
transposition arrangement
transposition creation
transposition entity
transposition event
transposition rearrangement
transposition abstraction
transposition act
transposition activity
transposition cognition
transposition content
transposition discipline
transposition diversion
transposition entertainment
transposition entity
transposition event
transposition performance
transposition presentation
transposition show
transsexual anomaly
transsexual entity
transsexual object
transsexual organism
transsexual person
transsexual whole
transsexual entity
transsexual object
transsexual organism
transsexual person
transsexual whole
trap artifact
trap device
trap entity
trap instrumentality
trap object
trap whole
trap artifact
trap conduit
trap drain
trap entity
trap object
trap passage
trap pipe
trap tube
trap way
trap whole
trap abstraction
trap arrangement
trap cognition
trap design
trap entity
trap structure
trap artifact
trap device
trap entity
trap instrumentality
trap mechanism
trap object
trap whole
trap entity
trap mouth
trap orifice
trap part
trap passage
trap structure
trap thing
trap artifact
trap carriage
trap container
trap conveyance
trap entity
trap instrumentality
trap object
trap vehicle
trap whole
trap confine
trap capture
trap get
trap hold
trapeze artifact
trapeze device
trapeze entity
trapeze instrumentality
trapeze mechanism
trapeze object
trapeze plaything
trapeze swing
trapeze whole
trapezoid abstraction
trapezoid attribute
trapezoid entity
trapezoid figure
trapezoid polygon
trapezoid quadrilateral
trapezoid shape
trapezoid bone
trapezoid entity
trapezoid part
trapezoid thing
trapezoid tissue
trash abstraction
trash entity
trash folk
trash group
trash people
trash discard
trauma abstraction
trauma attribute
trauma condition
trauma entity
trauma state
travel abstraction
travel act
travel action
travel change
travel entity
travel event
travel motion
travel travel
traveler entity
traveler object
traveler organism
traveler person
traveler whole
traversal abstraction
traversal act
traversal action
traversal change
traversal crossing
traversal entity
traversal event
traversal motion
traversal travel
traversal abstraction
traversal act
traversal action
traversal change
traversal entity
traversal event
traversal motion
traversal travel
traverse pass
traverse travel
travesty imitate
travesty mock
travesty produce
travesty reproduce
travesty spoof
tray artifact
tray container
tray entity
tray instrumentality
tray object
tray receptacle
tray whole
treachery abstraction
treachery act
treachery activity
treachery dishonesty
treachery entity
treachery event
tread artifact
tread entity
tread object
tread surface
tread whole
tread artifact
tread connection
tread contact
tread entity
tread instrumentality
tread junction
tread object
tread whole
tread artifact
tread device
tread entity
tread instrumentality
tread object
tread support
tread whole
tread travel
tread walk
tread press
tread squash
tread touch
tread brace
tread hold
tread distribute
tread give
tread transfer
tread connect
tread copulate
tread join
treason abstraction
treason act
treason activity
treason crime
treason entity
treason event
treason transgression
treason abstraction
treason attribute
treason disloyalty
treason entity
treason infidelity
treason quality
treasure abstraction
treasure assets
treasure entity
treasure possession
treasure relation
treasure wealth
treasure abstraction
treasure entity
treasure possession
treasure relation
treasure abstraction
treasure collection
treasure entity
treasure group
treasurer entity
treasurer object
treasurer organism
treasurer person
treasurer whole
treasury abstraction
treasury assets
treasury entity
treasury funds
treasury possession
treasury relation
treasury abstraction
treasury department
treasury division
treasury entity
treasury group
treasury organization
treasury unit
treasury abstraction
treasury bond
treasury communication
treasury document
treasury entity
treasury security
treasury writing
treasury administrator
treasury entity
treasury executive
treasury head
treasury leader
treasury minister
treasury object
treasury organism
treasury person
treasury whole
treasury artifact
treasury depository
treasury entity
treasury facility
treasury object
treasury whole
treat abstraction
treat entity
treat event
treat happening
treat act
treat interact
treat give
treat act
treat communicate
treat interact
treat talk
treat act
treat react
treatment abstraction
treatment act
treatment activity
treatment care
treatment entity
treatment event
treatment work
treatment abstraction
treatment act
treatment entity
treatment event
treatment management
treatment abstraction
treatment attribute
treatment entity
treatment manner
treatment property
treaty abstraction
treaty agreement
treaty communication
treaty document
treaty entity
treaty message
treaty statement
treaty writing
treble act
treble communicate
treble interact
treble sing
treble talk
tree entity
tree object
tree organism
tree plant
tree whole
tree abstraction
tree attribute
tree entity
tree figure
tree shape
tree move
tree plant
tree put
tree chase
tree pursue
tree travel
tree change
tree increase
tree lengthen
trek abstraction
trek act
trek action
trek change
trek entity
trek event
trek journey
trek motion
trek travel
trek abstraction
trek act
trek action
trek change
trek entity
trek event
trek journey
trek motion
trek travel
trek trip
trek travel
tremble entity
tremble process
tremble reaction
tremble reflex
tremble move
tremble shake
tremor abstraction
tremor act
tremor action
tremor change
tremor entity
tremor event
tremor motion
tremor vibration
tremor earthquake
tremor entity
tremor phenomenon
tremor process
tremor abstraction
tremor attribute
tremor entity
tremor motion
tremor shaking
tremor state
tremor move
tremor shake
trench artifact
trench ditch
trench entity
trench excavation
trench object
trench whole
trench entity
trench object
trench artifact
trench ditch
trench entity
trench excavation
trench object
trench whole
trench enclose
trench surround
trench touch
trench cut
trench move
trench separate
trench move
trench put
trench remove
trench change
trench dig
trench empty
trench hollow
trespass abstraction
trespass act
trespass activity
trespass entity
trespass event
trespass abstraction
trespass act
trespass activity
trespass entity
trespass event
trespass act
trespass interact
trespass relate
trespass exploit
trespass use
trespass act
trespass interact
trespass relate
trestle artifact
trestle entity
trestle object
trestle structure
trestle tower
trestle whole
trestle artifact
trestle entity
trestle framework
trestle object
trestle structure
trestle whole
trial abstraction
trial cognition
trial entity
trial experiment
trial inquiry
trial process
trial thinking
trial abstraction
trial act
trial entity
trial event
trial proceeding
trial abstraction
trial contest
trial entity
trial event
trial abstraction
trial affliction
trial entity
trial event
trial happening
trial trouble
triangle abstraction
triangle attribute
triangle entity
triangle figure
triangle polygon
triangle shape
triangle abstraction
triangle attribute
triangle entity
triangle shape
triangle artifact
triangle device
triangle entity
triangle instrumentality
triangle instrument
triangle object
triangle whole
triangle artifact
triangle device
triangle entity
triangle instrumentality
triangle object
triangle whole
tribalism abstraction
tribalism attribute
tribalism entity
tribalism state
tribalism abstraction
tribalism belief
tribalism cognition
tribalism content
tribalism entity
tribe abstraction
tribe entity
tribe group
tribe abstraction
tribe confederation
tribe entity
tribe group
tribe nation
tribe organization
tribe union
tribe unit
tribe abstraction
tribe entity
tribe group
tribune defender
tribune entity
tribune object
tribune organism
tribune person
tribune whole
tribune area
tribune artifact
tribune enclosure
tribune entity
tribune object
tribune recess
tribune structure
tribune whole
tribute abstraction
tribute approval
tribute communication
tribute entity
tribute message
tribute abstraction
tribute act
tribute commerce
tribute entity
tribute event
tribute payment
tribute transaction
triceps entity
triceps muscle
triceps organ
triceps part
triceps thing
triceratops animal
triceratops dinosaur
triceratops entity
triceratops object
triceratops organism
triceratops reptile
triceratops vertebrate
triceratops whole
trick abstraction
trick act
trick action
trick choice
trick decision
trick device
trick entity
trick event
trick maneuver
trick move
trick abstraction
trick entity
trick measure
trick shift
trick abstraction
trick act
trick activity
trick dishonesty
trick entity
trick event
trick abstraction
trick act
trick activity
trick entity
trick event
trick turn
trickiness abstraction
trickiness attribute
trickiness complexity
trickiness entity
trickiness quality
trickle move
trickle run
trickster abstraction
trickster belief
trickster cognition
trickster content
trickster entity
tricolor artifact
tricolor decoration
tricolor design
tricolor emblem
tricolor entity
tricolor flag
tricolor object
tricolor whole
tricycle artifact
tricycle container
tricycle conveyance
tricycle entity
tricycle instrumentality
tricycle object
tricycle vehicle
tricycle whole
trident artifact
trident device
trident entity
trident instrumentality
trident instrument
trident object
trident spear
trident weapon
trident whole
trigger artifact
trigger device
trigger entity
trigger instrumentality
trigger object
trigger whole
trigger abstraction
trigger act
trigger causing
trigger entity
trigger event
triglyceride abstraction
triglyceride chemical
triglyceride compound
triglyceride entity
triglyceride lipid
triglyceride material
triglyceride matter
triglyceride molecule
triglyceride oil
triglyceride part
triglyceride relation
triglyceride substance
triglyceride thing
triglyceride unit
trigonometry abstraction
trigonometry cognition
trigonometry content
trigonometry discipline
trigonometry entity
trigonometry mathematics
trigonometry science
trillion abstraction
trillion entity
trillion integer
trillion measure
trillion number
trillion abstraction
trillion entity
trillion integer
trillion measure
trillion number
trilogy abstraction
trilogy collection
trilogy entity
trilogy group
trilogy set
trilogy trio
trim abstraction
trim attribute
trim condition
trim entity
trim neatness
trim orderliness
trim state
trim abstraction
trim attitude
trim direction
trim entity
trim orientation
trim position
trim relation
trim abstraction
trim act
trim action
trim change
trim cut
trim decrease
trim entity
trim event
trim shortening
trim change
trim decorate
trim adjust
trim balance
trim change
trim match
trim be
trim change
trim decorate
trim adjust
trim change
trimester abstraction
trimester entity
trimester measure
trimester abstraction
trimester entity
trimester measure
trimester term
trimming abstraction
trimming act
trimming action
trimming change
trimming decoration
trimming entity
trimming event
trimming adornment
trimming artifact
trimming decoration
trimming entity
trimming object
trimming whole
trio abstraction
trio communication
trio entity
trio music
trio abstraction
trio entity
trio group
trio organization
trio abstraction
trio collection
trio entity
trio group
trio set
trio abstraction
trio entity
trio gathering
trio group
trip abstraction
trip act
trip action
trip change
trip entity
trip event
trip journey
trip motion
trip travel
trip abstraction
trip attribute
trip condition
trip delusion
trip entity
trip hallucination
trip state
trip abstraction
trip entity
trip event
trip experience
trip happening
trip abstraction
trip act
trip action
trip change
trip entity
trip event
trip locomotion
trip motion
trip step
trip abstraction
trip act
trip blunder
trip entity
trip event
trip mistake
trip cause
trip initiate
trip make
tripe entity
tripe food
tripe matter
tripe meat
tripe solid
triple abstraction
triple accomplishment
triple act
triple action
triple entity
triple event
triple feat
triple hit
triple abstraction
triple cognition
triple concept
triple content
triple entity
triple idea
triple multiple
triple product
triple quantity
triple change
triple increase
triple multiply
triple hit
triple move
triplet entity
triplet object
triplet organism
triplet person
triplet relative
triplet sibling
triplet whole
tripod artifact
tripod device
tripod entity
tripod instrumentality
tripod object
tripod rack
tripod support
tripod whole
tripper entity
tripper object
tripper organism
tripper person
tripper whole
tripper artifact
tripper catch
tripper device
tripper entity
tripper instrumentality
tripper object
tripper restraint
tripper whole
triumph abstraction
triumph attribute
triumph emotion
triumph entity
triumph exultation
triumph feeling
triumph joy
triumph state
troll ability
troll abstraction
troll cognition
troll creativity
troll entity
troll imagination
troll monster
troll artifact
troll bait
troll device
troll entity
troll instrumentality
troll object
troll whole
troll abstraction
troll act
troll activity
troll angling
troll diversion
troll entity
troll event
troll fishing
troll sport
troll circle
troll travel
troll wheel
troll act
troll communicate
troll interact
troll interpret
troll perform
troll sing
troll talk
troll angle
troll catch
troll fish
troll seize
troll take
troll act
troll communicate
troll interact
troll sing
troll talk
troll evaluate
troll measure
troll praise
troll think
troll act
troll communicate
troll interact
troll talk
trombone artifact
trombone brass
trombone device
trombone entity
trombone instrumentality
trombone object
trombone whole
troop abstraction
troop entity
troop group
troop organization
troop unit
troop abstraction
troop entity
troop group
troop organization
troop unit
troop abstraction
troop entity
troop group
troop organization
troop unit
troop abstraction
troop crowd
troop entity
troop gathering
troop group
troop march
troop travel
troop walk
trooper defender
trooper entity
trooper object
trooper organism
trooper person
trooper policeman
trooper whole
trooper defender
trooper entity
trooper object
trooper organism
trooper person
trooper policeman
trooper whole
trophy abstraction
trophy award
trophy communication
trophy entity
trophy signal
trophy symbol
trophy abstraction
trophy award
trophy communication
trophy entity
trophy signal
trophy symbol
tropic entity
tropic latitude
tropic line
tropic location
tropic object
trot abstraction
trot act
trot action
trot change
trot entity
trot event
trot gait
trot locomotion
trot motion
trot run
trot travel
trot ride
trot travel
trot accompany
trot travel
trot walk
trouble abstraction
trouble cognition
trouble difficulty
trouble entity
trouble abstraction
trouble entity
trouble event
trouble happening
trouble abstraction
trouble act
trouble activity
trouble effort
trouble entity
trouble event
trouble labor
trouble work
trouble abstraction
trouble attribute
trouble condition
trouble entity
trouble pregnancy
trouble state
trouble affect
trouble change
trouble hurt
troubleshooter entity
troubleshooter object
troubleshooter organism
troubleshooter person
troubleshooter whole
troubleshooter worker
trough entity
trough object
trough artifact
trough container
trough entity
trough instrumentality
trough object
trough receptacle
trough whole
trouser artifact
trouser clothing
trouser commodity
trouser covering
trouser entity
trouser garment
trouser object
trouser whole
trouser artifact
trouser clothing
trouser commodity
trouser covering
trouser entity
trouser garment
trouser object
trouser whole
trout entity
trout fish
trout food
trout matter
trout solid
trout animal
trout entity
trout fish
trout object
trout organism
trout vertebrate
trout whole
trowel artifact
trowel entity
trowel implement
trowel instrumentality
trowel object
trowel tool
trowel whole
trowel dig
trowel remove
truck artifact
truck container
truck conveyance
truck entity
truck instrumentality
truck object
truck vehicle
truck whole
truck move
truck transport
trudge abstraction
trudge act
trudge action
trudge change
trudge entity
trudge event
trudge hike
trudge motion
trudge travel
trudge walk
true abstraction
true alignment
true entity
true placement
true position
true relation
true align
true change
trump abstraction
trump card
trump entity
trump material
trump matter
trump paper
trump part
trump relation
trump substance
trump abstraction
trump card
trump entity
trump material
trump matter
trump paper
trump part
trump relation
trump substance
trump suit
trump sound
trump move
trump act
trump announce
trump communicate
trump inform
trump interact
trumpet declare
trumpet express
trumpet proclaim
trumpet state
trumpet play
trumpet sound
trumpet utter
trunk entity
trunk object
trunk stalk
trunk whole
trunk artifact
trunk baggage
trunk case
trunk container
trunk entity
trunk instrumentality
trunk object
trunk whole
trust abstraction
trust entity
trust possession
trust property
trust relation
trust abstraction
trust attribute
trust entity
trust trait
trust abstraction
trust association
trust consortium
trust entity
trust group
trust organization
trust accept
trust believe
trust evaluate
trust think
trust accept
trust act
trust permit
trust react
trust give
trust lend
trust transfer
trustee entity
trustee object
trustee organism
trustee person
trustee whole
trusteeship abstraction
trusteeship act
trusteeship activity
trusteeship entity
trusteeship event
trusteeship occupation
trusteeship position
trustworthiness abstraction
trustworthiness attribute
trustworthiness entity
trustworthiness trait
trusty convict
trusty entity
trusty object
trusty organism
trusty person
trusty prisoner
trusty unfortunate
trusty whole
truth abstraction
truth cognition
truth entity
truth fact
truth information
truth abstraction
truth actuality
truth attribute
truth being
truth entity
truth state
truth abstraction
truth communication
truth entity
truth message
truth statement
truthfulness abstraction
truthfulness attribute
truthfulness entity
truthfulness honesty
truthfulness morality
truthfulness quality
truthfulness righteousness
try act
try arouse
try make
try pain
try upset
try afflict
try arouse
try make
try upset
try change
try dissolve
try melt
tsunami abstraction
tsunami calamity
tsunami entity
tsunami event
tsunami happening
tsunami misfortune
tsunami movement
tsunami trouble
tsunami wave
tub artifact
tub container
tub entity
tub instrumentality
tub object
tub vessel
tub whole
tub abstraction
tub entity
tub measure
tube artifact
tube conduit
tube entity
tube object
tube passage
tube way
tube whole
tube artifact
tube device
tube entity
tube instrumentality
tube object
tube whole
tube entity
tube part
tube structure
tube thing
tube give
tube supply
tube transfer
tube bring
tube move
tube transport
tube ride
tube travel
tube cover
tube envelop
tuberculosis abstraction
tuberculosis attribute
tuberculosis condition
tuberculosis disease
tuberculosis entity
tuberculosis illness
tuberculosis state
tuck entity
tuck food
tuck matter
tuck substance
tuck abstraction
tuck attribute
tuck entity
tuck position
tuck property
tuck abstraction
tuck attribute
tuck entity
tuck fold
tuck shape
tuck enclose
tuck surround
tuck touch
tuck change
tuck fold
tuft abstraction
tuft bunch
tuft collection
tuft entity
tuft group
tuft crest
tuft entity
tuft part
tuft process
tuft thing
tug abstraction
tug act
tug entity
tug event
tug propulsion
tug pull
tug attract
tug move
tug pull
tug act
tug fight
tug try
tug drag
tug move
tug pull
tug tow
tug move
tug pull
tug contend
tuition abstraction
tuition charge
tuition cost
tuition entity
tuition fee
tuition possession
tuition relation
tulip entity
tulip object
tulip organism
tulip plant
tulip whole
tumble abstraction
tumble accomplishment
tumble act
tumble action
tumble entity
tumble event
tumble feat
tumble stunt
tumble descend
tumble travel
tumble move
tumble turn
tumble change
tumble disorder
tumble scramble
tumble change
tumble decline
tumble decrease
tumble drop
tumble agitate
tumble move
tumble toss
tumble change
tumble worsen
tumble exercise
tumbler athlete
tumbler contestant
tumbler entity
tumbler gymnast
tumbler object
tumbler organism
tumbler person
tumbler whole
tumbler artifact
tumbler container
tumbler entity
tumbler glass
tumbler instrumentality
tumbler object
tumbler whole
tumbler artifact
tumbler entity
tumbler object
tumbler obstruction
tumbler structure
tumbler whole
tumor abstraction
tumor attribute
tumor condition
tumor entity
tumor growth
tumor illness
tumor state
tuna entity
tuna object
tuna organism
tuna plant
tuna succulent
tuna whole
tuna entity
tuna food
tuna matter
tuna seafood
tuna solid
tuna animal
tuna entity
tuna fish
tuna object
tuna organism
tuna vertebrate
tuna whole
tuna animal
tuna eel
tuna entity
tuna fish
tuna object
tuna organism
tuna vertebrate
tuna whole
tundra entity
tundra land
tundra object
tundra plain
tune abstraction
tune communication
tune entity
tune music
tune abstraction
tune attribute
tune entity
tune pitch
tune property
tune abstraction
tune act
tune action
tune alteration
tune change
tune entity
tune event
tune adjust
tune change
tune adjust
tune change
tuner entity
tuner object
tuner organism
tuner person
tuner whole
tuner worker
tungsten abstraction
tungsten entity
tungsten matter
tungsten part
tungsten relation
tungsten substance
tunic entity
tunic membrane
tunic part
tunic thing
tunic tissue
tunic artifact
tunic cloak
tunic clothing
tunic commodity
tunic covering
tunic entity
tunic garment
tunic object
tunic whole
tuning abstraction
tuning act
tuning activity
tuning calibration
tuning entity
tuning event
tunnel artifact
tunnel entity
tunnel object
tunnel passage
tunnel way
tunnel whole
tunnel enter
tunnel penetrate
turban artifact
turban clothing
turban commodity
turban covering
turban entity
turban headdress
turban object
turban whole
turbine artifact
turbine device
turbine engine
turbine entity
turbine instrumentality
turbine machine
turbine motor
turbine object
turbine whole
turbulence entity
turbulence phenomenon
turbulence process
turbulence entity
turbulence phenomenon
turbulence process
turbulence weather
turbulence abstraction
turbulence attribute
turbulence disorder
turbulence entity
turbulence state
turf entity
turf land
turf object
turf district
turf entity
turf location
turf object
turf region
turf district
turf entity
turf jurisdiction
turf location
turf object
turf region
turf cover
turkey animal
turkey bird
turkey entity
turkey object
turkey organism
turkey vertebrate
turkey whole
turkey bird
turkey entity
turkey food
turkey matter
turkey meat
turkey poultry
turkey solid
turkey abstraction
turkey entity
turkey event
turkey failure
turkey flop
turkey happening
turn abstraction
turn act
turn action
turn change
turn entity
turn event
turn abstraction
turn act
turn activity
turn entity
turn event
turn abstraction
turn change
turn development
turn entity
turn event
turn happening
turn abstraction
turn act
turn action
turn change
turn entity
turn event
turn abstraction
turn cognition
turn concept
turn content
turn entity
turn idea
turn part
turn abstraction
turn act
turn action
turn entity
turn event
turn favor
turn kindness
turn abstraction
turn act
turn action
turn change
turn entity
turn event
turn motion
turn travel
turn walk
turn move
turn travel
turn change
turn move
turn transmit
turn move
turn send
turn change
turn shape
turn change
turn turn
turn change
turn cause
turn change
turn complete
turn do
turn effect
turn end
turn make
turn get
turn move
turn send
turn handle
turn manipulate
turn operate
turn touch
turn aim
turn move
turn position
turn put
turn change
turn develop
turn grow
turn increase
turnaround abstraction
turnaround entity
turnaround measure
turnaround area
turnaround artifact
turnaround entity
turnaround object
turnaround structure
turnaround whole
turnaround abstraction
turnaround act
turnaround activity
turnaround entity
turnaround event
turnaround preparation
turner athlete
turner contestant
turner entity
turner gymnast
turner object
turner organism
turner person
turner tumbler
turner whole
turner entity
turner object
turner organism
turner person
turner whole
turner worker
turner entity
turner object
turner organism
turner person
turner whole
turner artifact
turner entity
turner implement
turner instrumentality
turner object
turner utensil
turner whole
turning abstraction
turning act
turning action
turning change
turning entity
turning event
turning entity
turning fragment
turning paring
turning part
turning thing
turning abstraction
turning entity
turning event
turning happening
turning movement
turning artifact
turning creation
turning entity
turning object
turning product
turning whole
turning abstraction
turning act
turning activity
turning creation
turning entity
turning event
turning fabrication
turning formation
turnip entity
turnip herb
turnip object
turnip organism
turnip plant
turnip whole
turnip entity
turnip food
turnip matter
turnip produce
turnip solid
turnip vegetable
turnout abstraction
turnout entity
turnout gathering
turnout group
turnout entity
turnout object
turnout part
turnout abstraction
turnout act
turnout attendance
turnout entity
turnout event
turnout abstraction
turnout act
turnout action
turnout change
turnout entity
turnout event
turnout motion
turnout rotation
turnover dish
turnover entity
turnover food
turnover matter
turnover substance
turpentine abstraction
turpentine chemical
turpentine compound
turpentine entity
turpentine material
turpentine matter
turpentine part
turpentine relation
turpentine resin
turpentine substance
turpentine abstraction
turpentine chemical
turpentine compound
turpentine entity
turpentine lipid
turpentine material
turpentine matter
turpentine molecule
turpentine oil
turpentine part
turpentine relation
turpentine substance
turpentine thing
turpentine unit
turquoise abstraction
turquoise crystal
turquoise entity
turquoise gem
turquoise material
turquoise matter
turquoise mineral
turquoise part
turquoise relation
turquoise solid
turquoise substance
turret artifact
turret entity
turret object
turret structure
turret tower
turret whole
turtle animal
turtle entity
turtle object
turtle organism
turtle reptile
turtle vertebrate
turtle whole
turtle capture
turtle get
turtle hunt
turtledove animal
turtledove bird
turtledove dove
turtledove entity
turtledove object
turtledove organism
turtledove pigeon
turtledove vertebrate
turtledove whole
tusk bone
tusk entity
tusk part
tusk thing
tusk tissue
tusk tooth
tusk remove
tutor act
tutor communicate
tutor inform
tutor interact
tutor teach
tutor be
tutor relate
tutorial abstraction
tutorial communication
tutorial conference
tutorial discussion
tutorial entity
tutorial session
tutorial speech
tweak grip
tweak pinch
tweak seize
tweak take
tweed artifact
tweed entity
tweed fabric
tweed object
tweed whole
tweeter artifact
tweeter device
tweeter entity
tweeter instrumentality
tweeter object
tweeter whole
twelfth abstraction
twelfth attribute
twelfth entity
twelfth rank
twelfth state
twelfth status
twelve abstraction
twelve entity
twelve integer
twelve measure
twelve number
twentieth abstraction
twentieth attribute
twentieth entity
twentieth rank
twentieth state
twentieth status
twenty abstraction
twenty entity
twenty integer
twenty measure
twenty number
twiddle abstraction
twiddle act
twiddle action
twiddle change
twiddle entity
twiddle event
twiddle motion
twiddle rotation
twiddle twist
twiddle handle
twiddle manipulate
twiddle touch
twig branch
twig diverge
twig move
twilight abstraction
twilight cognition
twilight entity
twilight hour
twilight information
twilight reading
twilight energy
twilight entity
twilight light
twilight phenomenon
twilight process
twilight radiation
twilight abstraction
twilight attribute
twilight condition
twilight decline
twilight entity
twilight state
twin entity
twin object
twin organism
twin person
twin relative
twin sibling
twin whole
twin equal
twin match
twin change
twin develop
twin grow
twin increase
twin make
twin produce
twine make
twinkle abstraction
twinkle change
twinkle entity
twinkle event
twinkle happening
twinkle shine
twins crystal
twins entity
twins matter
twins solid
twist abstraction
twist entity
twist event
twist happening
twist movement
twist abstraction
twist act
twist activity
twist cognition
twist content
twist dancing
twist discipline
twist diversion
twist entity
twist event
twist abstraction
twist act
twist action
twist change
twist entity
twist event
twist motion
twist rotation
twist move
twist turn
twist change
twist shape
twist dance
twist move
twist denote
twist mean
twist change
twist hurt
twist injure
twit abstraction
twit act
twit activity
twit aggression
twit behavior
twit entity
twit event
twitch abstraction
twitch cognition
twitch entity
twitch evidence
twitch information
twitch spasm
twitch symptom
twitch move
twitch pull
two abstraction
two digit
two entity
two integer
two measure
two number
tying abstraction
tying act
tying action
tying change
tying entity
tying event
tying joining
type abstraction
type category
type cognition
type concept
type content
type entity
type idea
type kind
type abstraction
type entity
type group
type abstraction
type character
type communication
type entity
type signal
type symbol
type abstraction
type communication
type entity
type signal
type symbol
type artifact
type block
type entity
type object
type whole
type act
type communicate
type interact
type write
type identify
type recognize
type remember
typeset change
typeset mark
typeset print
typeset trace
typeset write
typewriter artifact
typewriter device
typewriter entity
typewriter instrumentality
typewriter machine
typewriter object
typewriter printer
typewriter whole
typhoid abstraction
typhoid attribute
typhoid condition
typhoid disease
typhoid entity
typhoid illness
typhoid state
typhoon cyclone
typhoon entity
typhoon phenomenon
typhoon process
typhoon storm
typhoon windstorm
typhus abstraction
typhus attribute
typhus condition
typhus disease
typhus entity
typhus illness
typhus state
typist employee
typist entity
typist object
typist organism
typist person
typist whole
typist worker
typography abstraction
typography act
typography activity
typography entity
typography event
typography occupation
typography trade
typography abstraction
typography communication
typography entity
typography printing
typography writing
tyrant dictator
tyrant entity
tyrant object
tyrant organism
tyrant person
tyrant ruler
tyrant whole
tyrant entity
tyrant object
tyrant organism
tyrant person
tyrant ruler
tyrant whole
tyrant entity
tyrant object
tyrant organism
tyrant person
tyrant whole
ugliness abstraction
ugliness appearance
ugliness attribute
ugliness entity
ugliness quality
ulcer abstraction
ulcer attribute
ulcer condition
ulcer entity
ulcer lesion
ulcer pathology
ulcer state
ultimate abstraction
ultimate attribute
ultimate entity
ultimate quality
ultimatum abstraction
ultimatum communication
ultimatum demand
ultimatum entity
ultimatum message
ultimatum request
ultrasound entity
ultrasound phenomenon
ultrasound process
ultrasound sound
ultraviolet energy
ultraviolet entity
ultraviolet phenomenon
ultraviolet process
ultraviolet radiation
umbrella artifact
umbrella canopy
umbrella covering
umbrella entity
umbrella object
umbrella shelter
umbrella whole
umbrella abstraction
umbrella act
umbrella defense
umbrella entity
umbrella event
umbrella abstraction
umbrella act
umbrella action
umbrella change
umbrella combination
umbrella entity
umbrella event
umbrella union
umpire entity
umpire object
umpire official
umpire organism
umpire person
umpire whole
unbelief abstraction
unbelief cognition
unbelief content
unbelief entity
uncertainty abstraction
uncertainty attribute
uncertainty entity
uncertainty quality
uncle entity
uncle kinsman
uncle object
uncle organism
uncle person
uncle relative
uncle whole
uncle benefactor
uncle entity
uncle object
uncle organism
uncle person
uncle whole
uncover show
undercut abstraction
undercut entity
undercut material
undercut matter
undercut part
undercut relation
undercut substance
undercut abstraction
undercut attribute
undercut biology
undercut cognition
undercut content
undercut discipline
undercut entity
undercut forestry
undercut indentation
undercut notch
undercut science
undercut shape
undercut solid
undercut abstraction
undercut act
undercut action
undercut change
undercut cut
undercut division
undercut entity
undercut event
undercut separation
undercut cut
undercut move
undercut separate
undercut cut
undercut move
undercut separate
undercut hit
undercut move
undercut cut
undercut move
undercut separate
underestimate abstraction
underestimate calculation
underestimate cognition
underestimate entity
underestimate estimate
underestimate process
underestimate thinking
undergo change
undergraduate entity
undergraduate object
undergraduate organism
undergraduate person
undergraduate student
undergraduate whole
underground abstraction
underground entity
underground group
underground organization
underground unit
underlie be
underlie lie
underline change
underline mark
underscore abstraction
underscore communication
underscore entity
underscore indication
underscore mark
underscore stroke
underscore act
underscore communicate
underscore convey
underscore express
underscore impart
underscore inform
underscore interact
underscore stress
underscore tell
understand understand
understand accept
understand believe
understand evaluate
understand think
understanding abstraction
understanding cognition
understanding entity
understanding knowing
understanding process
undertake cause
undertake initiate
undertake make
undertake act
undertake confront
undertake declare
undertake express
undertake promise
undertake state
undertake accept
undertake act
undertake react
undertaking abstraction
undertaking act
undertaking activity
undertaking entity
undertaking event
undertaking work
undertaking abstraction
undertaking act
undertaking activity
undertaking entity
undertaking event
undertaking occupation
undertaking trade
underwear artifact
underwear clothing
underwear commodity
underwear covering
underwear entity
underwear garment
underwear object
underwear whole
underworld abstraction
underworld class
underworld entity
underworld group
underworld people
undesirable entity
undesirable object
undesirable organism
undesirable person
undesirable whole
undoing abstraction
undoing act
undoing action
undoing change
undoing entity
undoing event
undress abstraction
undress attribute
undress condition
undress entity
undress nakedness
undress state
undress remove
unemployment abstraction
unemployment attribute
unemployment entity
unemployment state
unevenness abstraction
unevenness attribute
unevenness entity
unevenness quality
unevenness abstraction
unevenness attribute
unevenness difference
unevenness entity
unevenness inequality
unevenness quality
unfold show
unfold uncover
unfold change
unfolding development
unfolding entity
unfolding process
unfortunate entity
unfortunate object
unfortunate organism
unfortunate person
unfortunate whole
unfurl change
unhappiness abstraction
unhappiness attribute
unhappiness emotion
unhappiness entity
unhappiness feeling
unhappiness state
unicorn ability
unicorn abstraction
unicorn cognition
unicorn creativity
unicorn entity
unicorn imagination
uniform artifact
uniform clothing
uniform commodity
uniform covering
uniform entity
uniform object
uniform whole
uniform give
uniform supply
uniform transfer
uniformity abstraction
uniformity attribute
uniformity entity
uniformity quality
uniformity regularity
uniformity abstraction
uniformity attribute
uniformity entity
uniformity quality
uniformity sameness
uniformity similarity
unify change
unify integrate
union abstraction
union entity
union group
union organization
union abstraction
union attribute
union entity
union state
union entity
union healing
union process
union abstraction
union entity
union group
union organization
union unit
union abstraction
union collection
union entity
union group
union set
union abstraction
union entity
union event
union happening
union artifact
union decoration
union design
union device
union emblem
union entity
union object
union whole
union abstraction
union act
union action
union change
union combination
union entity
union event
unison abstraction
unison agreement
unison attribute
unison entity
unison harmony
unison order
unison state
unison abstraction
unison attribute
unison concurrence
unison entity
unison property
unison timing
unison abstraction
unison attribute
unison entity
unison property
unison sound
unit abstraction
unit entity
unit part
unit relation
unit abstraction
unit entity
unit group
unit organization
unit abstraction
unit cognition
unit concept
unit content
unit entity
unit idea
unit whole
unit entity
unit thing
unite join
unite have
unite change
universal abstraction
universal cognition
universal concept
universal content
universal entity
universal idea
universal rule
universal abstraction
universal communication
universal entity
universal message
universal proposition
universal statement
universal abstraction
universal cognition
universal convention
universal entity
universal practice
universality abstraction
universality attribute
universality entity
universality generality
universality quality
universe entity
universe object
universe whole
universe abstraction
universe cognition
universe content
universe entity
university abstraction
university body
university entity
university group
university artifact
university entity
university establishment
university object
university structure
university whole
university abstraction
university entity
university group
university institution
university organization
unkindness abstraction
unkindness attribute
unkindness entity
unkindness inability
unkindness quality
unknown entity
unknown location
unknown object
unknown region
unknown abstraction
unknown communication
unknown entity
unknown signal
unknown symbol
unknown variable
unlikeness abstraction
unlikeness attribute
unlikeness difference
unlikeness entity
unlikeness quality
unload empty
unload remove
unlock open
unlock disengage
unlock change
unlock disengage
unplug change
unravel change
unreality abstraction
unreality attribute
unreality entity
unreality quality
unreality abstraction
unreality attribute
unreality entity
unreality nonexistence
unreality state
unrest abstraction
unrest agitation
unrest attribute
unrest entity
unrest feeling
unrest state
unscrew change
unscrew loosen
unscrew change
unscrew loosen
unseat remove
unseat move
untie change
untouchable entity
untouchable object
untouchable organism
untouchable outcast
untouchable person
untouchable unfortunate
untouchable whole
unveil uncover
unveil remove
unveiling abstraction
unveiling communication
unveiling display
unveiling entity
unveiling presentation
unwillingness abstraction
unwillingness attribute
unwillingness disposition
unwillingness entity
unwillingness nature
unwillingness trait
up change
up increase
upbringing abstraction
upbringing attribute
upbringing entity
upbringing inheritance
update abstraction
update communication
update entity
update information
update message
update news
update change
update modify
update act
update communicate
update inform
update interact
update change
update modify
upgrade abstraction
upgrade code
upgrade communication
upgrade entity
upgrade software
upgrade writing
upgrade abstraction
upgrade agreement
upgrade cognition
upgrade entity
upgrade process
upgrade reservation
upgrade thinking
upgrade abstraction
upgrade entity
upgrade grade
upgrade gradient
upgrade position
upgrade relation
upgrade component
upgrade entity
upgrade hardware
upgrade object
upgrade part
upgrade abstraction
upgrade act
upgrade action
upgrade change
upgrade entity
upgrade event
upgrade improvement
upgrade evaluate
upgrade rate
upgrade think
upgrade better
upgrade change
upgrade better
upgrade change
upgrade better
upgrade change
upheaval abstraction
upheaval entity
upheaval event
upheaval happening
upheaval movement
upheaval rise
uphill ascent
uphill entity
uphill object
uphill slope
uphold argue
uphold defend
uphold express
uphold present
uphold state
uphold affirm
uphold confirm
upholder advocate
upholder entity
upholder object
upholder organism
upholder person
upholder supporter
upholder whole
upholstery artifact
upholstery covering
upholstery entity
upholstery object
upholstery whole
upholstery abstraction
upholstery act
upholstery activity
upholstery entity
upholstery event
upholstery occupation
upholstery trade
uplift artifact
uplift brassiere
uplift clothing
uplift commodity
uplift covering
uplift entity
uplift garment
uplift object
uplift whole
uplift rise
uplift travel
uplift move
uplift push
upload move
upload transfer
upper abstraction
upper entity
upper leather
upper material
upper matter
upper object
upper part
upper piece
upper relation
upper substance
uppercut abstraction
uppercut act
uppercut action
uppercut blow
uppercut change
uppercut entity
uppercut event
uppercut motion
uppercut stroke
upright artifact
upright device
upright entity
upright instrumentality
upright object
upright support
upright whole
upright artifact
upright device
upright entity
upright instrumentality
upright object
upright piano
upright whole
uprightness abstraction
uprightness attribute
uprightness entity
uprightness morality
uprightness quality
uprightness righteousness
uprise ascend
uprise travel
uproot displace
uproot move
uproot destroy
uproot move
upset abstraction
upset act
upset action
upset change
upset disturbance
upset entity
upset event
upset motion
upset artifact
upset entity
upset implement
upset instrumentality
upset object
upset tool
upset whole
upset abstraction
upset act
upset action
upset change
upset entity
upset event
upset inversion
upset motion
upset change
upset touch
upset arouse
upset make
upstairs entity
upstairs object
upstairs part
uptake entity
uptake process
upturn abstraction
upturn act
upturn action
upturn change
upturn entity
upturn event
upturn improvement
uranium abstraction
uranium entity
uranium matter
uranium part
uranium relation
uranium substance
urbanization abstraction
urbanization attribute
urbanization condition
urbanization entity
urbanization state
urbanization entity
urbanization process
urethra duct
urethra entity
urethra part
urethra passage
urethra structure
urethra thing
urge abstraction
urge entity
urge motivation
urge abstraction
urge attribute
urge desire
urge entity
urge feeling
urge state
urge act
urge communicate
urge interact
urge talk
urgency abstraction
urgency attribute
urgency condition
urgency entity
urgency necessity
urgency need
urgency state
urgency abstraction
urgency attribute
urgency entity
urgency importance
urgency quality
urgency value
urgency worth
urgency abstraction
urgency attribute
urgency condition
urgency difficulty
urgency entity
urgency situation
urgency state
urging abstraction
urging act
urging activity
urging advocacy
urging aid
urging entity
urging event
urging support
urinal artifact
urinal entity
urinal fixture
urinal object
urinal whole
urinate excrete
urinate exhaust
urine abstraction
urine entity
urine material
urine matter
urine part
urine relation
urine substance
urine waste
urn artifact
urn container
urn entity
urn instrumentality
urn jar
urn object
urn vase
urn vessel
urn whole
urn artifact
urn container
urn entity
urn implement
urn instrumentality
urn object
urn pot
urn utensil
urn vessel
urn whole
urology abstraction
urology cognition
urology content
urology discipline
urology entity
urology medicine
urology science
usage abstraction
usage communication
usage entity
usage language
use abstraction
use act
use activity
use entity
use event
use abstraction
use attribute
use entity
use quality
use utility
use abstraction
use cognition
use concept
use content
use entity
use idea
use right
use consume
use exploit
use use
use act
user entity
user object
user organism
user person
user whole
usher entity
usher object
usher official
usher organism
usher person
usher whole
usher worker
usher assistant
usher attendant
usher entity
usher escort
usher object
usher organism
usher person
usher whole
usher worker
usher lead
usurper entity
usurper object
usurper organism
usurper person
usurper whole
utensil artifact
utensil entity
utensil implement
utensil instrumentality
utensil object
utensil whole
uterus entity
uterus organ
uterus part
uterus thing
utilitarian entity
utilitarian intellectual
utilitarian object
utilitarian organism
utilitarian person
utilitarian philosopher
utilitarian scholar
utilitarian whole
utility abstraction
utility company
utility entity
utility group
utility institution
utility organization
utility service
utility abstraction
utility attribute
utility entity
utility quality
utility abstraction
utility act
utility activity
utility entity
utility event
utility service
utility work
utility abstraction
utility entity
utility measure
utility artifact
utility entity
utility facility
utility object
utility whole
utilization abstraction
utilization attribute
utilization entity
utilization state
utilize change
utilize make
utilize replace
utmost abstraction
utmost attribute
utmost entity
utmost extent
utmost limit
utmost magnitude
utmost property
utopia abstraction
utopia attribute
utopia entity
utopia state
utopia abstraction
utopia communication
utopia entity
utopia fiction
utopia writing
utopia ability
utopia abstraction
utopia cognition
utopia creativity
utopia entity
utopia imagination
utter circulate
utter move
utterance abstraction
utterance communication
utterance entity
vacancy abstraction
vacancy attribute
vacancy condition
vacancy emptiness
vacancy entity
vacancy state
vacate change
vacate leave
vacation abstraction
vacation entity
vacation leisure
vacation measure
vacation abstraction
vacation act
vacation action
vacation cancellation
vacation change
vacation entity
vacation event
vacation spend
vacationer entity
vacationer object
vacationer organism
vacationer person
vacationer whole
vaccination abstraction
vaccination cognition
vaccination entity
vaccination evidence
vaccination information
vaccination scar
vaccination symptom
vaccine entity
vaccine matter
vaccine substance
vacuum abstraction
vacuum attribute
vacuum condition
vacuum emptiness
vacuum entity
vacuum state
vacuum entity
vacuum location
vacuum object
vacuum region
vacuum appliance
vacuum artifact
vacuum commodity
vacuum entity
vacuum object
vacuum whole
vacuum change
vacuum clean
vagabond entity
vagabond object
vagina duct
vagina entity
vagina part
vagina passage
vagina structure
vagina thing
vagrancy abstraction
vagrancy attribute
vagrancy condition
vagrancy entity
vagrancy homelessness
vagrancy state
vagrant entity
vagrant object
vagrant organism
vagrant person
vagrant traveler
vagrant unfortunate
vagrant wanderer
vagrant whole
valedictorian entity
valedictorian intellectual
valedictorian object
valedictorian organism
valedictorian person
valedictorian scholar
valedictorian whole
valentine entity
valentine lover
valentine object
valentine organism
valentine person
valentine sweetheart
valentine whole
valentine abstraction
valentine card
valentine communication
valentine correspondence
valentine entity
valentine mail
valentine message
valet entity
valet object
valet organism
valet person
valet servant
valet whole
valet worker
valet help
valet serve
valet support
validate accept
validate act
validate authorize
validate permit
validate react
validate confirm
validate affirm
validate confirm
validate change
validation abstraction
validation act
validation determination
validation discovery
validation entity
validation event
validity abstraction
validity attribute
validity entity
validity legality
validity quality
valley entity
valley object
valuable abstraction
valuable assets
valuable entity
valuable possession
valuable relation
valuable treasure
valuable wealth
valuation abstraction
valuation cost
valuation entity
valuation possession
valuation price
valuation relation
value abstraction
value cognition
value concept
value content
value entity
value idea
value quantity
value abstraction
value attribute
value entity
value quality
value worth
value abstraction
value entity
value measure
value abstraction
value attribute
value entity
value property
value abstraction
value duration
value entity
value measure
value abstraction
value cognition
value content
value entity
value idea
value ideal
value determine
valve entity
valve part
valve structure
valve thing
valve artifact
valve device
valve entity
valve instrumentality
valve object
valve whole
valve artifact
valve control
valve device
valve entity
valve instrumentality
valve mechanism
valve object
valve whole
valve covering
valve entity
valve object
valve shell
valve whole
valve covering
valve entity
valve object
valve shell
valve whole
vampire abstraction
vampire belief
vampire cognition
vampire content
vampire entity
vampire spirit
van artifact
van car
van container
van conveyance
van entity
van instrumentality
van object
van vehicle
van whole
van artifact
van camper
van container
van conveyance
van entity
van instrumentality
van object
van vehicle
van whole
van artifact
van container
van conveyance
van entity
van instrumentality
van object
van truck
van vehicle
van whole
vandalism abstraction
vandalism act
vandalism action
vandalism activity
vandalism change
vandalism destruction
vandalism entity
vandalism event
vandalism mischief
vandalism termination
vane artifact
vane device
vane entity
vane fin
vane instrumentality
vane object
vane stabilizer
vane whole
vane blade
vane entity
vane part
vane structure
vane thing
vanilla entity
vanilla flower
vanilla object
vanilla orchid
vanilla organism
vanilla plant
vanilla whole
vanilla entity
vanilla food
vanilla foodstuff
vanilla ingredient
vanilla matter
vanilla substance
vanilla abstraction
vanilla cognition
vanilla entity
vanilla perception
vanilla process
vanilla relish
vanilla sensation
vanilla taste
vanish end
vanish change
vanish decrease
vanishing abstraction
vanishing disappearance
vanishing entity
vanishing event
vanishing happening
vanishing abstraction
vanishing act
vanishing departure
vanishing disappearance
vanishing entity
vanishing event
vanity abstraction
vanity attribute
vanity entity
vanity quality
vantage entity
vantage location
vantage object
vantage point
vantage position
vapor abstraction
vapor entity
vapor matter
vapor mixture
vapor part
vapor relation
vapor substance
vapor suspension
vaporization abstraction
vaporization act
vaporization action
vaporization annihilation
vaporization change
vaporization destruction
vaporization entity
vaporization event
vaporization termination
vaporization entity
vaporization process
vaporizer artifact
vaporizer device
vaporizer entity
vaporizer instrumentality
vaporizer object
vaporizer whole
variability abstraction
variability attribute
variability entity
variability quality
variable entity
variable thing
variable abstraction
variable cognition
variable concept
variable content
variable entity
variable idea
variable quantity
variable abstraction
variable communication
variable entity
variable signal
variable symbol
variance abstraction
variance cognition
variance entity
variance information
variance moment
variance statistic
variance abstraction
variance act
variance authorization
variance dispensation
variance entity
variance event
variance license
variance management
variation abstraction
variation change
variation entity
variation event
variation happening
variation abstraction
variation act
variation activity
variation entity
variation event
variation abstraction
variation communication
variation entity
variation music
variation theme
variation tune
variation artifact
variation entity
variation object
variation thing
variation whole
variation entity
variation process
variation consequence
variation entity
variation influence
variation phenomenon
variation process
variation abstraction
variation act
variation action
variation change
variation entity
variation event
variety abstraction
variety entity
variety group
variety abstraction
variety attribute
variety difference
variety entity
variety quality
varnish artifact
varnish coating
varnish covering
varnish entity
varnish object
varnish whole
varnish coat
varnish cover
vary differ
vary change
vary diversify
vase artifact
vase container
vase entity
vase instrumentality
vase jar
vase object
vase vessel
vase whole
vat abstraction
vat charge
vat entity
vat excise
vat levy
vat possession
vat relation
vat tax
vault area
vault artifact
vault chamber
vault enclosure
vault entity
vault grave
vault location
vault object
vault point
vault structure
vault whole
vault area
vault artifact
vault entity
vault object
vault room
vault structure
vault whole
vault artifact
vault covering
vault entity
vault object
vault roof
vault whole
vault abstraction
vault act
vault entity
vault event
vault jump
vault propulsion
vault jump
vault move
vault jump
vault move
veer change
veer switch
vegetable entity
vegetable food
vegetable matter
vegetable produce
vegetable solid
vegetable entity
vegetable herb
vegetable object
vegetable organism
vegetable plant
vegetable whole
vegetarian consumer
vegetarian eater
vegetarian entity
vegetarian object
vegetarian organism
vegetarian person
vegetarian user
vegetarian whole
vegetarianism diet
vegetarianism entity
vegetarianism fare
vegetarianism food
vegetarianism matter
vegetarianism substance
vegetation abstraction
vegetation collection
vegetation entity
vegetation group
vegetation entity
vegetation growth
vegetation process
vegetation abstraction
vegetation attribute
vegetation condition
vegetation entity
vegetation growth
vegetation illness
vegetation part
vegetation process
vegetation state
vegetation thing
vegetation abstraction
vegetation act
vegetation entity
vegetation event
vegetation inactivity
vegetation rest
vehicle artifact
vehicle conveyance
vehicle entity
vehicle instrumentality
vehicle object
vehicle whole
vehicle artifact
vehicle entity
vehicle instrumentality
vehicle medium
vehicle object
vehicle whole
vehicle entity
vehicle matter
vehicle substance
veil entity
veil object
veil whole
veil hide
vein entity
vein part
vein structure
vein thing
vein tube
vein vessel
vein abstraction
vein communication
vein entity
vein object
vein whole
vein entity
vein object
vein entity
vein part
vein rib
vein structure
vein thing
vein change
vein dye
vein stain
velvet artifact
velvet entity
velvet fabric
velvet object
velvet whole
vendetta abstraction
vendetta act
vendetta conflict
vendetta entity
vendetta event
vendetta feud
vending abstraction
vending act
vending commerce
vending entity
vending event
vending selling
vending transaction
veneer artifact
veneer coating
veneer covering
veneer entity
veneer object
veneer whole
veneer cover
venetian entity
venetian inhabitant
venetian object
venetian organism
venetian person
venetian whole
vengeance abstraction
vengeance act
vengeance entity
vengeance event
vengeance retaliation
vengeance return
venom entity
venom matter
venom poison
venom substance
vent artifact
vent entity
vent hole
vent object
vent opening
vent whole
vent entity
vent orifice
vent part
vent passage
vent structure
vent thing
vent abstraction
vent attribute
vent crack
vent entity
vent location
vent object
vent opening
vent shape
vent space
vent artifact
vent entity
vent object
vent opening
vent slit
vent whole
vent act
vent communicate
vent convey
vent express
vent impart
vent inform
vent interact
vent tell
vent make
ventilation abstraction
ventilation act
ventilation action
ventilation change
ventilation entity
ventilation event
ventilation improvement
ventilation artifact
ventilation entity
ventilation instrumentality
ventilation object
ventilation system
ventilation whole
ventricle cavity
ventricle entity
ventricle part
ventricle structure
ventricle thing
ventricle cavity
ventricle chamber
ventricle entity
ventricle part
ventricle structure
ventricle thing
venture abstraction
venture act
venture activity
venture entity
venture event
venture undertaking
venture work
venture abstraction
venture act
venture commerce
venture entity
venture event
venture transaction
venture act
venture go
venture act
venture risk
venture try
venturer businessperson
venturer capitalist
venturer entity
venturer merchant
venturer object
venturer organism
venturer person
venturer whole
venue area
venue entity
venue location
venue object
venue region
venue scene
venue district
venue entity
venue jurisdiction
venue location
venue object
venue region
veracity abstraction
veracity attribute
veracity entity
veracity honesty
veracity morality
veracity quality
veracity righteousness
veracity truthfulness
veranda artifact
veranda entity
veranda object
veranda porch
veranda structure
veranda whole
verb abstraction
verb class
verb collection
verb entity
verb group
verb abstraction
verb entity
verb part
verb relation
verb word
verbalize act
verbalize communicate
verbalize interact
verbalize talk
verbalize change
verbalize convert
verdict abstraction
verdict act
verdict entity
verdict event
verdict finding
verdict judgment
verge abstraction
verge attribute
verge entity
verge extent
verge limit
verge magnitude
verge property
verge border
verge boundary
verge edge
verge entity
verge extremity
verge limit
verge location
verge object
verge region
verge bound
verge enclose
verge hold
verge include
verification abstraction
verification affidavit
verification communication
verification document
verification entity
verification evidence
verification information
verification message
verification testimony
verification writing
verify confirm
verify affirm
verify confirm
vermicelli entity
vermicelli food
vermicelli matter
vermicelli pasta
vermicelli solid
vernacular abstraction
vernacular communication
vernacular entity
vernacular speech
versatility abstraction
versatility attribute
versatility entity
versatility skillfulness
versatility state
verse abstraction
verse communication
verse entity
verse poem
verse writing
verse abstraction
verse communication
verse entity
verse line
verse matter
verse text
verse writing
verse make
verse write
verse act
verse communicate
verse familiarize
verse inform
verse interact
version abstraction
version communication
version entity
version explanation
version interpretation
version message
version statement
version abstraction
version category
version cognition
version concept
version content
version entity
version idea
version kind
version type
version abstraction
version act
version action
version change
version entity
version event
version turn
vertebra bone
vertebra entity
vertebra part
vertebra thing
vertebra tissue
vertebrate animal
vertebrate entity
vertebrate object
vertebrate organism
vertebrate whole
vertex abstraction
vertex cognition
vertex component
vertex concept
vertex content
vertex entity
vertex idea
vertex intersection
vertex part
vertex point
vertex entity
vertex extremity
vertex location
vertex object
vertex region
vertical abstraction
vertical direction
vertical entity
vertical orientation
vertical position
vertical relation
vessel entity
vessel part
vessel structure
vessel thing
vessel tube
vessel artifact
vessel conveyance
vessel craft
vessel entity
vessel instrumentality
vessel object
vessel vehicle
vessel whole
vessel artifact
vessel container
vessel entity
vessel instrumentality
vessel object
vessel whole
vestibule cavity
vestibule entity
vestibule part
vestibule structure
vestibule thing
vet be
vet examine
vet inspect
vet treat
vet doctor
vet treat
veteran entity
veteran object
veteran organism
veteran person
veteran serviceman
veteran whole
veteran worker
veteran entity
veteran object
veteran organism
veteran person
veteran serviceman
veteran whole
veteran worker
veteran entity
veteran expert
veteran object
veteran organism
veteran person
veteran whole
veterinarian adult
veterinarian doctor
veterinarian entity
veterinarian object
veterinarian organism
veterinarian person
veterinarian professional
veterinarian whole
veto abstraction
veto act
veto action
veto choice
veto entity
veto event
veto vote
veto abstraction
veto attribute
veto entity
veto power
veto quality
veto evaluate
veto oppose
veto refute
veto reject
veto think
viability abstraction
viability attribute
viability entity
viability property
viability abstraction
viability attribute
viability entity
viability practicality
viability quality
viability utility
vibration abstraction
vibration act
vibration action
vibration change
vibration entity
vibration event
vibration motion
vibration abstraction
vibration air
vibration attribute
vibration entity
vibration quality
vice abstraction
vice act
vice activity
vice entity
vice event
vice transgression
viceroy entity
viceroy governor
viceroy leader
viceroy object
viceroy organism
viceroy person
viceroy politician
viceroy whole
viceroy animal
viceroy butterfly
viceroy entity
viceroy insect
viceroy invertebrate
viceroy object
viceroy organism
viceroy whole
vicinity area
vicinity entity
vicinity location
vicinity object
vicinity region
vicinity section
victim entity
victim object
victim organism
victim person
victim unfortunate
victim whole
victim entity
victim object
victim organism
victim person
victim whole
victimization abstraction
victimization adversity
victimization attribute
victimization condition
victimization entity
victimization fortune
victimization misfortune
victimization state
victor combatant
victor entity
victor object
victor organism
victor person
victor whole
victory abstraction
victory ending
victory entity
victory event
victory happening
victory success
video abstraction
video communication
video entity
video abstraction
video communication
video entity
videotape artifact
videotape device
videotape entity
videotape instrumentality
videotape object
videotape recording
videotape tape
videotape whole
videotape artifact
videotape device
videotape entity
videotape instrumentality
videotape object
videotape whole
videotape have
videotape keep
videotape record
videotape save
view abstraction
view cognition
view content
view entity
view representation
view abstraction
view act
view activity
view entity
view event
view look
view entity
view extremity
view limit
view location
view object
view range
view region
view abstraction
view cognition
view content
view entity
view goal
view purpose
view abstraction
view appearance
view attribute
view entity
view quality
view analyze
viewer artifact
viewer device
viewer entity
viewer instrumentality
viewer object
viewer whole
vigil abstraction
vigil attribute
vigil condition
vigil consciousness
vigil entity
vigil state
vigil wakefulness
vigil waking
vigil abstraction
vigil act
vigil activity
vigil ceremony
vigil entity
vigil event
vigil rite
vigilante entity
vigilante object
vigilante organism
vigilante person
vigilante volunteer
vigilante whole
vigilante worker
vignette artifact
vignette creation
vignette entity
vignette object
vignette photograph
vignette representation
vignette whole
vignette artifact
vignette creation
vignette drawing
vignette entity
vignette object
vignette representation
vignette sketch
vignette whole
vigor abstraction
vigor attribute
vigor entity
vigor property
vigor strength
villa artifact
villa building
villa dwelling
villa entity
villa house
villa housing
villa object
villa structure
villa whole
villa artifact
villa building
villa dwelling
villa entity
villa house
villa housing
villa object
villa structure
villa whole
villa artifact
villa building
villa dwelling
villa entity
villa house
villa housing
villa object
villa structure
villa whole
village abstraction
village community
village entity
village gathering
village group
village entity
village location
village object
village region
village settlement
villager entity
villager inhabitant
villager object
villager organism
villager person
villager whole
villain entity
villain object
villain organism
villain person
villain whole
villain abstraction
villain act
villain acting
villain activity
villain character
villain cognition
villain content
villain discipline
villain entity
villain event
villain portrayal
villainy abstraction
villainy attribute
villainy entity
villainy evil
villainy immorality
villainy quality
villainy abstraction
villainy act
villainy activity
villainy entity
villainy event
villainy transgression
vindicate affirm
vindicate maintain
vindicate acquit
vindicate declare
vindicate evaluate
vindicate pronounce
vindicate think
vindication abstraction
vindication accomplishment
vindication act
vindication action
vindication clearing
vindication entity
vindication event
vindication liberation
vine entity
vine object
vine organism
vine plant
vine whole
vinegar condiment
vinegar entity
vinegar food
vinegar foodstuff
vinegar ingredient
vinegar matter
vinegar substance
vinegar abstraction
vinegar acid
vinegar chemical
vinegar compound
vinegar entity
vinegar material
vinegar matter
vinegar part
vinegar relation
vinegar substance
vineyard entity
vineyard farm
vineyard location
vineyard object
vineyard point
vineyard workplace
vintage abstraction
vintage agent
vintage alcohol
vintage beverage
vintage drug
vintage entity
vintage fluid
vintage food
vintage liquid
vintage matter
vintage part
vintage relation
vintage substance
vintage wine
vintage abstraction
vintage age
vintage attribute
vintage entity
vintage property
vinyl entity
vinyl group
vinyl thing
vinyl unit
vinyl entity
vinyl matter
vinyl plastic
vinyl solid
viola entity
viola herb
viola object
viola organism
viola plant
viola whole
viola abstraction
viola entity
viola genus
viola group
viola artifact
viola device
viola entity
viola instrumentality
viola object
viola whole
violate change
violate touch
violation abstraction
violation act
violation activity
violation entity
violation event
violator criminal
violator entity
violator object
violator organism
violator person
violator principal
violator whole
violator entity
violator object
violator organism
violator person
violator whole
violence abstraction
violence act
violence action
violence aggression
violence entity
violence event
violence abstraction
violence attribute
violence disorder
violence entity
violence state
violence turbulence
violet entity
violet herb
violet object
violet organism
violet plant
violet viola
violet whole
violet abstraction
violet attribute
violet color
violet entity
violet property
violet purple
violin artifact
violin device
violin entity
violin instrumentality
violin object
violin whole
violinist entertainer
violinist entity
violinist musician
violinist object
violinist organism
violinist performer
violinist person
violinist whole
viper animal
viper entity
viper object
viper organism
viper reptile
viper snake
viper vertebrate
viper whole
virgin entity
virgin innocent
virgin object
virgin organism
virgin person
virgin whole
virginal artifact
virginal device
virginal entity
virginal harpsichord
virginal instrumentality
virginal object
virginal whole
virginity abstraction
virginity attribute
virginity condition
virginity entity
virginity state
virtue abstraction
virtue attribute
virtue entity
virtue good
virtue morality
virtue quality
virtue abstraction
virtue attribute
virtue entity
virtue morality
virtue quality
virtue abstraction
virtue attribute
virtue entity
virtue good
virtue morality
virtue quality
virtuoso artist
virtuoso creator
virtuoso entity
virtuoso musician
virtuoso object
virtuoso organism
virtuoso person
virtuoso whole
virus agent
virus entity
virus microorganism
virus object
virus organism
virus whole
virus abstraction
virus attribute
virus entity
virus representation
virus state
virus abstraction
virus code
virus communication
virus entity
virus program
virus software
virus writing
visa abstraction
visa approval
visa communication
visa entity
visa message
visa sanction
visa contract
visa declare
visa express
visa promise
visa sign
visa state
visa accept
visa act
visa approve
visa authorize
visa permit
visa react
viscosity abstraction
viscosity attribute
viscosity consistency
viscosity entity
viscosity property
visibility abstraction
visibility attribute
visibility entity
visibility property
visibility abstraction
visibility attribute
visibility entity
visibility prominence
visibility standing
visibility state
visibility status
visibility abstraction
visibility attribute
visibility clearness
visibility entity
visibility quality
vision abstraction
vision cognition
vision entity
vision imagination
vision process
vision abstraction
vision cognition
vision entity
vision perception
vision process
vision sensation
vision abstraction
vision entity
vision event
vision experience
vision happening
visionary entity
visionary object
visionary organism
visionary person
visionary whole
visionary entity
visionary intellectual
visionary object
visionary organism
visionary person
visionary whole
visit abstraction
visit act
visit assembly
visit entity
visit event
visit meeting
visit abstraction
visit entity
visit gathering
visit group
visit meeting
visit abstraction
visit act
visit assembly
visit entity
visit event
visit meeting
visit abstraction
visit act
visit assembly
visit entity
visit event
visit meeting
visit tour
visit travel
visit meet
visit be
visit stay
visit afflict
visit change
visit damage
visitation abstraction
visitation calamity
visitation entity
visitation event
visitation happening
visitation misfortune
visitation trouble
visitation abstraction
visitation act
visitation assembly
visitation entity
visitation event
visitation meeting
visitation visit
visiting abstraction
visiting act
visiting assembly
visiting entity
visiting event
visiting meeting
visiting visit
visitor entity
visitor object
visitor organism
visitor person
visitor traveler
visitor whole
visor artifact
visor covering
visor entity
visor object
visor plate
visor shield
visor whole
visualize imagine
visualize make
visualize watch
visualize imagine
visualize make
visualize change
vitality abstraction
vitality activeness
vitality animation
vitality attribute
vitality energy
vitality entity
vitality trait
vitamin entity
vitamin food
vitamin matter
vitamin substance
vocabulary artifact
vocabulary book
vocabulary creation
vocabulary entity
vocabulary object
vocabulary product
vocabulary publication
vocabulary whole
vocabulary work
vocabulary abstraction
vocabulary cognition
vocabulary entity
vocabulary ability
vocabulary abstraction
vocabulary cognition
vocabulary entity
vocabulary method
vocabulary system
vocalize act
vocalize communicate
vocalize interact
vocalize sing
vocalize talk
vocalize pronounce
vocalize act
vocalize communicate
vocalize interact
vocalize talk
vodka abstraction
vodka agent
vodka alcohol
vodka beverage
vodka drug
vodka entity
vodka fluid
vodka food
vodka liquid
vodka liquor
vodka matter
vodka part
vodka relation
vodka substance
vogue abstraction
vogue cognition
vogue discrimination
vogue entity
vogue process
vogue taste
vogue abstraction
vogue acceptance
vogue attribute
vogue entity
vogue situation
vogue state
voice abstraction
voice attribute
voice entity
voice property
voice sound
voice abstraction
voice communication
voice entity
voice abstraction
voice entity
voice event
voice happening
voice sound
voice abstraction
voice act
voice entity
voice event
voice implementation
voice means
voice abstraction
voice communication
voice entity
voice entertainer
voice entity
voice musician
voice object
voice organism
voice performer
voice person
voice singer
voice whole
voice ability
voice abstraction
voice attribute
voice entity
voice quality
voice abstraction
voice entity
voice relation
voice express
voice pronounce
voicing abstraction
voicing act
voicing activity
voicing adjustment
voicing calibration
voicing entity
voicing event
void abstraction
void attribute
void entity
void location
void object
void shape
void space
void change
void empty
volatile abstraction
volatile entity
volatile matter
volatile part
volatile relation
volatile substance
volatility abstraction
volatility attribute
volatility entity
volatility property
volatility abstraction
volatility attribute
volatility entity
volatility trait
volcano entity
volcano mountain
volcano object
volition ability
volition abstraction
volition cognition
volition entity
volition faculty
volition abstraction
volition act
volition action
volition choice
volition entity
volition event
volley abstraction
volley act
volley action
volley change
volley entity
volley event
volley maneuver
volley motion
volley return
volley stroke
volley disperse
volley move
volley separate
volley hit
volley move
volley discharge
volley spread
volley compete
volley play
volley utter
volleyball abstraction
volleyball act
volleyball activity
volleyball diversion
volleyball entity
volleyball event
volleyball game
volleyball sport
volleyball artifact
volleyball ball
volleyball entity
volleyball equipment
volleyball instrumentality
volleyball object
volleyball whole
volt abstraction
volt entity
volt measure
voltage entity
voltage phenomenon
voltage process
volume abstraction
volume entity
volume measure
volume artifact
volume creation
volume entity
volume object
volume product
volume publication
volume whole
volume work
volume abstraction
volume entity
volume measure
volume abstraction
volume attribute
volume entity
volume property
voluntary abstraction
voluntary communication
voluntary entity
voluntary music
voluntary solo
volunteer entity
volunteer object
volunteer organism
volunteer person
volunteer serviceman
volunteer whole
volunteer worker
volunteer entity
volunteer object
volunteer organism
volunteer person
volunteer whole
volunteer worker
volunteer act
volunteer communicate
volunteer inform
volunteer interact
volunteer act
volunteer work
vomit abstraction
vomit entity
vomit material
vomit matter
vomit part
vomit relation
vomit substance
vomit waste
vomit abstraction
vomit act
vomit entity
vomit event
vomit expulsion
vomit process
vomit propulsion
vomit reaction
vomit reflex
vomit excrete
vomit exhaust
vote abstraction
vote act
vote action
vote choice
vote entity
vote event
vote abstraction
vote act
vote entity
vote event
vote abstraction
vote body
vote entity
vote group
vote abstraction
vote cognition
vote concept
vote content
vote entity
vote idea
vote quantity
vote choose
vote decide
vote denote
vote express
vote mean
vote denote
vote express
vote mean
vote denote
vote express
vote mean
vote vote
voter citizen
voter entity
voter national
voter object
voter organism
voter person
voter whole
vouch declare
vouch express
vouch state
vouch testify
vouch ask
vouch call
vouch communicate
vouch convey
vouch move
vouch order
vouch request
vouch summon
vouch transfer
vouch confirm
voucher advocate
voucher entity
voucher object
voucher organism
voucher person
voucher supporter
voucher whole
voucher abstraction
voucher communication
voucher document
voucher entity
voucher writing
vow abstraction
vow assurance
vow commitment
vow communication
vow entity
vow message
vow declare
vow express
vow pledge
vow promise
vow state
vow give
vow use
vowel abstraction
vowel entity
vowel part
vowel phone
vowel relation
vowel abstraction
vowel character
vowel communication
vowel entity
vowel letter
vowel signal
vowel symbol
voyage abstraction
voyage act
voyage action
voyage change
voyage entity
voyage event
voyage journey
voyage motion
voyage travel
voyager entity
voyager object
voyager organism
voyager person
voyager traveler
voyager whole
vulture animal
vulture bird
vulture entity
vulture object
vulture organism
vulture vertebrate
vulture whole
vulva entity
vulva genitalia
vulva organ
vulva part
vulva thing
wad abstraction
wad entity
wad material
wad matter
wad part
wad relation
wad substance
wade travel
wade walk
wafer abstraction
wafer entity
wafer material
wafer matter
wafer part
wafer paste
wafer relation
wafer substance
wafer cake
wafer cookie
wafer entity
wafer food
wafer matter
wafer solid
wafer bread
wafer entity
wafer food
wafer foodstuff
wafer matter
wafer solid
wafer substance
wag entertainer
wag entity
wag object
wag organism
wag person
wag whole
wag abstraction
wag act
wag action
wag agitation
wag change
wag entity
wag event
wag motion
wag move
wag shake
wage abstraction
wage cost
wage entity
wage payment
wage possession
wage relation
wages abstraction
wages consequence
wages ending
wages entity
wages event
wages happening
wages result
wagon artifact
wagon container
wagon conveyance
wagon entity
wagon instrumentality
wagon object
wagon vehicle
wagon whole
wagon artifact
wagon container
wagon conveyance
wagon entity
wagon instrumentality
wagon object
wagon vehicle
wagon whole
wail cry
waist area
waist entity
waist part
waist thing
wait abstraction
wait act
wait entity
wait event
wait inactivity
wait act
wait work
waitress employee
waitress entity
waitress object
waitress organism
waitress person
waitress whole
waitress worker
wake abstraction
wake entity
wake event
wake happening
wake movement
wake wave
wake abstraction
wake act
wake activity
wake ceremony
wake entity
wake event
wake rite
wake vigil
wake act
wake alarm
wake communicate
wake inform
wake interact
wake warn
wakefulness abstraction
wakefulness attribute
wakefulness condition
wakefulness consciousness
wakefulness entity
wakefulness state
wakefulness waking
wakefulness abstraction
wakefulness attribute
wakefulness entity
wakefulness state
waking abstraction
waking attribute
waking condition
waking consciousness
waking entity
waking state
walk abstraction
walk act
walk action
walk change
walk entity
walk event
walk locomotion
walk motion
walk abstraction
walk attribute
walk carriage
walk entity
walk property
walk abstraction
walk act
walk action
walk change
walk entity
walk event
walk motion
walk travel
walk artifact
walk entity
walk object
walk path
walk way
walk whole
walk abstraction
walk act
walk action
walk change
walk entity
walk event
walk gait
walk locomotion
walk motion
walk travel
walk accompany
walk travel
walk gain
walk score
walk pass
walk travel
walk traverse
walk compete
walk play
walk act
walk behave
walk join
walk unite
walk pace
walk travel
walk compel
walk induce
walk travel
walkabout abstraction
walkabout act
walkabout action
walkabout change
walkabout entity
walkabout event
walkabout journey
walkabout motion
walkabout tour
walkabout travel
walkabout abstraction
walkabout act
walkabout action
walkabout change
walkabout entity
walkabout event
walkabout motion
walkabout travel
walkabout walk
walkabout abstraction
walkabout act
walkabout action
walkabout change
walkabout entity
walkabout event
walkabout motion
walkabout travel
walkabout walk
walker artifact
walker covering
walker entity
walker footwear
walker object
walker shoe
walker whole
walker artifact
walker entity
walker framework
walker object
walker structure
walker whole
walker artifact
walker entity
walker framework
walker object
walker structure
walker whole
walkout abstraction
walkout act
walkout entity
walkout event
walkout protest
walkout resistance
walkout strike
walkout abstraction
walkout act
walkout entity
walkout event
walkout protest
walkout resistance
wall artifact
wall entity
wall object
wall partition
wall structure
wall whole
wall entity
wall object
wall entity
wall layer
wall location
wall object
wall region
wall abstraction
wall attribute
wall condition
wall difficulty
wall entity
wall state
wall entity
wall object
wall artifact
wall entity
wall layer
wall object
wall whole
wall artifact
wall barrier
wall entity
wall fence
wall object
wall obstruction
wall structure
wall whole
wall defend
wall prevent
wall protect
wallet artifact
wallet case
wallet container
wallet entity
wallet instrumentality
wallet object
wallet whole
wallop abstraction
wallop act
wallop action
wallop blow
wallop change
wallop entity
wallop event
wallop motion
wallop stroke
wallow entity
wallow pool
wallow thing
wallow abstraction
wallow entity
wallow event
wallow happening
wallow movement
wallow rotation
wallow turning
wallow indulge
wallow move
wallow feel
wallow rejoice
wallow delight
wallpaper abstraction
wallpaper entity
wallpaper material
wallpaper matter
wallpaper paper
wallpaper part
wallpaper relation
wallpaper substance
wallpaper cover
walnut entity
walnut fruit
walnut nut
walnut object
walnut seed
walnut whole
walnut abstraction
walnut entity
walnut material
walnut matter
walnut part
walnut relation
walnut substance
walnut wood
walnut entity
walnut object
walnut organism
walnut plant
walnut tree
walnut whole
waltz abstraction
waltz communication
waltz entity
waltz music
waltz abstraction
waltz act
waltz activity
waltz cognition
waltz content
waltz dancing
waltz discipline
waltz diversion
waltz entity
waltz event
waltz dance
waltz move
wand artifact
wand entity
wand implement
wand instrumentality
wand object
wand rod
wand whole
wand branch
wand entity
wand object
wand stalk
wand whole
wander proceed
wander travel
wanderer entity
wanderer object
wanderer organism
wanderer person
wanderer traveler
wanderer whole
wandering abstraction
wandering act
wandering action
wandering change
wandering entity
wandering event
wandering motion
wandering travel
wane change
wane decrease
wane change
wane decrease
waning abstraction
waning change
waning decrease
waning entity
waning event
waning happening
want be
want search
want communicate
want convey
want demand
want move
want request
want transfer
want miss
wanton entity
wanton object
wanton organism
wanton person
wanton whole
wanton live
wanton give
wanton pay
wanton spend
wanton transfer
wanton act
wanton communicate
wanton interact
wanton talk
wanton act
war abstraction
war act
war entity
war event
war abstraction
war attribute
war entity
war hostility
war state
war abstraction
war act
war conflict
war entity
war event
war abstraction
war act
war activity
war campaign
war entity
war event
war undertaking
war venture
war work
war contend
warbler entertainer
warbler entity
warbler musician
warbler object
warbler organism
warbler performer
warbler person
warbler singer
warbler whole
warbler animal
warbler bird
warbler entity
warbler object
warbler organism
warbler vertebrate
warbler whole
ward entity
ward object
ward organism
ward person
ward whole
ward district
ward entity
ward location
ward object
ward region
ward artifact
ward block
ward entity
ward housing
ward object
ward structure
ward whole
warden defender
warden entity
warden object
warden organism
warden person
warden whole
ware article
ware artifact
ware entity
ware object
ware whole
warehouse artifact
warehouse depository
warehouse entity
warehouse facility
warehouse object
warehouse storehouse
warehouse whole
warehouse have
warehouse keep
warehouse store
warlock ability
warlock abstraction
warlock cognition
warlock creativity
warlock entity
warlock imagination
warlock witch
warlord entity
warlord leader
warlord object
warlord organism
warlord person
warlord whole
warm change
warmth abstraction
warmth attribute
warmth entity
warmth hotness
warmth measure
warmth property
warmth temperature
warn act
warn communicate
warn inform
warn interact
warn act
warn communicate
warn interact
warn talk
warn ask
warn communicate
warn convey
warn move
warn order
warn request
warn transfer
warn act
warn communicate
warn inform
warn interact
warning abstraction
warning act
warning entity
warning event
warning abstraction
warning act
warning entity
warning event
warning telling
warrant abstraction
warrant communication
warrant document
warrant entity
warrant writing
warrant abstraction
warrant entity
warrant possession
warrant relation
warrant security
warrior entity
warrior object
warrior organism
warrior person
warrior whole
warship artifact
warship conveyance
warship craft
warship entity
warship instrumentality
warship object
warship ship
warship vehicle
warship vessel
warship whole
wart abstraction
wart attribute
wart bulge
wart entity
wart projection
wart shape
wart solid
wart abstraction
wart attribute
wart entity
wart imperfection
wart state
wart abstraction
wart appearance
wart attribute
wart blemish
wart condition
wart disease
wart entity
wart illness
wart quality
wart state
wartime abstraction
wartime entity
wartime measure
wash abstraction
wash artifact
wash coating
wash covering
wash entity
wash material
wash matter
wash object
wash paint
wash part
wash relation
wash substance
wash whole
wash abstraction
wash act
wash activity
wash entity
wash event
wash work
wash bed
wash entity
wash object
wash art
wash artifact
wash creation
wash entity
wash object
wash painting
wash whole
wash abstraction
wash act
wash activity
wash enterprise
wash entity
wash event
wash undertaking
wash work
wash bring
wash deliver
wash move
wash serve
wash transmit
wash better
wash change
wash cleanse
wash groom
wash change
wash clean
wash move
wash be
wash continue
wash stand
wash change
wash separate
wash cover
wash remove
wash change
wash damage
wash erode
wash better
wash change
wash cleanse
wash groom
washroom area
washroom artifact
washroom entity
washroom object
washroom room
washroom structure
washroom toilet
washroom whole
wasp entity
wasp object
wasp organism
wasp person
wasp protestant
wasp white
wasp whole
wasp animal
wasp entity
wasp insect
wasp invertebrate
wasp object
wasp organism
wasp whole
waste abstraction
waste entity
waste material
waste matter
waste part
waste relation
waste substance
waste abstraction
waste act
waste activity
waste entity
waste event
waste abstraction
waste act
waste entity
waste event
waste use
waste discard
waste move
waste run
waste change
waste weaken
waste change
waste worsen
watch artifact
watch device
watch entity
watch instrumentality
watch instrument
watch object
watch whole
watch abstraction
watch entity
watch measure
watch shift
watch abstraction
watch act
watch activity
watch entity
watch event
watch investigation
watch surveillance
watch work
watch abstraction
watch entity
watch measure
watch analyze
watch check
watch watch
watcher entity
watcher object
watcher organism
watcher person
watcher whole
watchfulness ability
watchfulness abstraction
watchfulness attention
watchfulness cognition
watchfulness entity
watchfulness faculty
watchfulness abstraction
watchfulness attentiveness
watchfulness attribute
watchfulness entity
watchfulness trait
watchman defender
watchman entity
watchman guard
watchman object
watchman organism
watchman person
watchman whole
watchtower artifact
watchtower entity
watchtower object
watchtower structure
watchtower tower
watchtower whole
water abstraction
water chemical
water compound
water entity
water fluid
water liquid
water material
water matter
water part
water relation
water substance
water abstraction
water element
water entity
water matter
water part
water relation
water substance
water abstraction
water entity
water fluid
water food
water liquid
water matter
water nutrient
water part
water relation
water substance
water change
water wet
water give
water supply
water transfer
water excrete
water exhaust
water exude
water secrete
water change
water fill
waterfall entity
waterfall thing
waterfowl animal
waterfowl bird
waterfowl entity
waterfowl object
waterfowl organism
waterfowl vertebrate
waterfowl whole
waterfront district
waterfront entity
waterfront location
waterfront object
waterfront region
watering abstraction
watering act
watering action
watering change
watering entity
watering event
watermark abstraction
watermark communication
watermark entity
watermark marker
watermark signal
watermark symbol
watermelon entity
watermelon gourd
watermelon melon
watermelon object
watermelon organism
watermelon plant
watermelon vine
watermelon whole
watermelon entity
watermelon food
watermelon fruit
watermelon matter
watermelon melon
watermelon object
watermelon produce
watermelon solid
watermelon whole
watershed entity
watershed line
watershed location
watershed object
waterway entity
waterway thing
waterwheel artifact
waterwheel device
waterwheel entity
waterwheel instrumentality
waterwheel machine
waterwheel mechanism
waterwheel object
waterwheel wheel
waterwheel whole
waterwheel artifact
waterwheel device
waterwheel entity
waterwheel instrumentality
waterwheel machine
waterwheel mechanism
waterwheel object
waterwheel wheel
waterwheel whole
watt abstraction
watt entity
watt measure
wave abstraction
wave entity
wave event
wave happening
wave movement
wave abstraction
wave act
wave action
wave change
wave entity
wave event
wave motion
wave abstraction
wave entity
wave event
wave happening
wave movement
wave abstraction
wave beginning
wave emergence
wave entity
wave event
wave happening
wave rise
wave abstraction
wave communication
wave entity
wave gesture
wave covering
wave entity
wave hair
wave object
wave whole
wave abstraction
wave attribute
wave curve
wave entity
wave line
wave shape
wave entity
wave phenomenon
wave process
wave weather
wave adult
wave entity
wave female
wave object
wave organism
wave person
wave serviceman
wave soldier
wave whole
wave woman
wave worker
wave better
wave change
wave dress
wave groom
wavelength abstraction
wavelength distance
wavelength entity
wavelength placement
wavelength position
wavelength relation
wavelength spacing
wavelength abstraction
wavelength attitude
wavelength cognition
wavelength entity
wavelength orientation
waviness abstraction
waviness attribute
waviness entity
waviness quality
waviness unevenness
wax abstraction
wax chemical
wax compound
wax entity
wax lipid
wax material
wax matter
wax molecule
wax part
wax relation
wax substance
wax thing
wax unit
wax cover
wax change
wax increase
wax change
wax increase
way abstraction
way attribute
way condition
way entity
way state
way abstraction
way act
way action
way course
way entity
way event
way artifact
way entity
way object
way whole
way abstraction
way act
way action
way change
way entity
way event
way journey
way motion
way travel
way abstraction
way distance
way entity
way placement
way position
way relation
way spacing
way abstraction
way choice
way cognition
way entity
way process
way abstraction
way category
way cognition
way concept
way content
way entity
way idea
way abstraction
way assets
way entity
way possession
way relation
way share
ways artifact
ways entity
ways object
ways structure
ways whole
wayside boundary
wayside edge
wayside entity
wayside extremity
wayside limit
wayside location
wayside object
wayside region
weaken change
weaken decrease
weakening abstraction
weakening change
weakening entity
weakening event
weakening happening
weakening transformation
weakening abstraction
weakening act
weakening action
weakening change
weakening decrease
weakening entity
weakening event
weakness abstraction
weakness attribute
weakness entity
weakness property
weakness abstraction
weakness attribute
weakness condition
weakness entity
weakness fortune
weakness misfortune
weakness state
weakness abstraction
weakness attribute
weakness entity
weakness feeling
weakness liking
weakness preference
weakness state
wealth abstraction
wealth attribute
wealth condition
wealth entity
wealth state
wealth abstraction
wealth abundance
wealth amount
wealth attribute
wealth entity
wealth magnitude
wealth property
wealth quantity
wealth abstraction
wealth assets
wealth entity
wealth possession
wealth relation
wealth abstraction
wealth entity
wealth possession
wealth property
wealth relation
weapon artifact
weapon device
weapon entity
weapon instrumentality
weapon instrument
weapon object
weapon whole
weapon abstraction
weapon act
weapon communication
weapon entity
weapon event
weapon persuasion
weaponry artifact
weaponry entity
weaponry instrumentality
weaponry object
weaponry whole
wear abstraction
wear attribute
wear condition
wear decay
wear deterioration
wear entity
wear state
wear abstraction
wear act
wear entity
wear event
wear have
wear change
wear decay
wear deteriorate
wear have
wear be
wear last
wear measure
wear change
wear dress
wearer entity
wearer object
wearer organism
wearer person
wearer user
wearer whole
weasel entity
weasel object
weasel organism
weasel person
weasel whole
weasel animal
weasel carnivore
weasel entity
weasel mammal
weasel object
weasel organism
weasel vertebrate
weasel whole
weather entity
weather phenomenon
weather process
weather contend
weather defy
weather fight
weather resist
weather bend
weather change
weather lean
weather boat
weather ride
weather sail
weather travel
weather change
weather decay
weave artifact
weave decoration
weave design
weave entity
weave object
weave whole
weave change
weave twist
weave make
weave travel
weaver craftsman
weaver entity
weaver object
weaver organism
weaver person
weaver whole
weaver worker
weaver animal
weaver bird
weaver entity
weaver object
weaver organism
weaver vertebrate
weaver whole
weaving abstraction
weaving act
weaving activity
weaving art
weaving creation
weaving entity
weaving event
weaving handicraft
weaving occupation
weaving trade
web entity
web object
web artifact
web device
web entity
web instrumentality
web object
web trap
web whole
web artifact
web entity
web fabric
web object
web whole
web entity
web membrane
web part
web thing
web tissue
web make
web weave
webbing entity
webbing object
webbing web
webbing artifact
webbing entity
webbing object
webbing strip
webbing tape
webbing whole
webbing artifact
webbing entity
webbing fabric
webbing object
webbing whole
wedding abstraction
wedding affair
wedding ceremony
wedding entity
wedding event
wedding abstraction
wedding entity
wedding gathering
wedding group
wedding party
wedge abstraction
wedge attribute
wedge entity
wedge figure
wedge polygon
wedge shape
wedge triangle
wedge artifact
wedge entity
wedge equipment
wedge instrumentality
wedge iron
wedge object
wedge whole
wedge artifact
wedge device
wedge entity
wedge instrumentality
wedge machine
wedge mechanism
wedge object
wedge whole
wedge move
wee abstraction
wee entity
wee measure
wee time
weed entity
weed object
weed organism
weed plant
weed whole
weed artifact
weed band
weed entity
weed object
weed strip
weed whole
weed remove
weeds artifact
weeds clothing
weeds commodity
weeds covering
weeds entity
weeds garment
weeds object
weeds whole
week abstraction
week entity
week measure
week abstraction
week entity
week measure
weekday abstraction
weekday entity
weekday measure
weekend abstraction
weekend entity
weekend measure
weekend spend
weekly artifact
weekly creation
weekly entity
weekly object
weekly periodical
weekly product
weekly publication
weekly series
weekly whole
weekly work
weigh be
weigh measure
weigh act
weigh carry
weigh communicate
weigh interact
weigh be
weigh count
weight abstraction
weight attribute
weight entity
weight property
weight artifact
weight entity
weight equipment
weight instrumentality
weight object
weight whole
weight abstraction
weight attribute
weight entity
weight importance
weight quality
weight value
weight worth
weight artifact
weight entity
weight object
weight whole
weight abstraction
weight attribute
weight depression
weight entity
weight feeling
weight oppression
weight sadness
weight state
weight abstraction
weight coefficient
weight constant
weight entity
weight measure
weight number
weightlifter athlete
weightlifter contestant
weightlifter entity
weightlifter object
weightlifter organism
weightlifter person
weightlifter whole
welcome abstraction
welcome acceptance
welcome attribute
welcome entity
welcome situation
welcome state
welcome abstraction
welcome communication
welcome entity
welcome greeting
welcome message
welcome accept
welcome get
welcome address
welcome come
welcome greet
welcome travel
welcome receive
weld artifact
weld connection
weld entity
weld instrumentality
weld joint
weld junction
weld object
weld whole
weld connect
weld join
weld change
weld unite
welding abstraction
welding act
welding action
welding change
welding entity
welding event
welding joining
well artifact
well entity
well excavation
well object
well whole
well artifact
well container
well entity
well instrumentality
well object
well vessel
well whole
well abstraction
well communication
well document
well entity
well source
well writing
well artifact
well entity
well object
well passage
well shaft
well way
well whole
well area
well artifact
well compartment
well entity
well object
well room
well structure
well whole
well ascend
well surface
well travel
wellbeing abstraction
wellbeing attribute
wellbeing condition
wellbeing entity
wellbeing fortune
wellbeing prosperity
wellbeing state
welt artifact
welt connection
welt entity
welt instrumentality
welt joint
welt junction
welt object
welt seam
welt whole
welt add
welt change
welt increase
west abstraction
west direction
west entity
west position
west relation
west abstraction
west direction
west entity
west position
west relation
west entity
west location
west object
western abstraction
western artifact
western creation
western entity
western event
western feature
western movie
western object
western product
western show
western whole
western dish
western entity
western food
western matter
western sandwich
western substance
westernization assimilation
westernization entity
westernization process
wet change
wet excrete
wet exhaust
wet make
wetland entity
wetland land
wetland object
wetness abstraction
wetness attribute
wetness condition
wetness entity
wetness state
whack abstraction
whack entity
whack event
whack happening
whack sound
whack hit
whack touch
whale animal
whale entity
whale mammal
whale object
whale organism
whale vertebrate
whale whole
whale capture
whale get
whale hunt
wharf give
wharf supply
wharf transfer
wharf have
wharf keep
wharf store
wharf bring
wharf deliver
wharf drop
wharf move
wharf transmit
wharf attach
wharf connect
wharf fasten
wheat cereal
wheat entity
wheat grass
wheat herb
wheat object
wheat organism
wheat plant
wheat whole
wheat entity
wheat food
wheat foodstuff
wheat grain
wheat matter
wheat substance
wheel artifact
wheel device
wheel entity
wheel instrumentality
wheel machine
wheel mechanism
wheel object
wheel whole
wheel abstraction
wheel attribute
wheel entity
wheel force
wheel influence
wheel power
wheel quality
wheel artifact
wheel device
wheel entity
wheel helm
wheel instrumentality
wheel mechanism
wheel object
wheel whole
wheel move
wheel revolve
wheel turn
wheel move
wheel transport
wheel travel
wheelbarrow move
wheelbarrow transport
wheelchair artifact
wheelchair chair
wheelchair entity
wheelchair furnishing
wheelchair furniture
wheelchair instrumentality
wheelchair object
wheelchair seat
wheelchair whole
wheeler entity
wheeler object
wheeler organism
wheeler pedestrian
wheeler person
wheeler traveler
wheeler whole
whereabouts entity
whereabouts location
whereabouts object
whetstone artifact
whetstone entity
whetstone object
whetstone stone
whetstone whole
whey abstraction
whey entity
whey matter
whey part
whey relation
whey serum
whey substance
whey entity
whey food
whey foodstuff
whey matter
whey substance
whiff animal
whiff entity
whiff fish
whiff object
whiff organism
whiff vertebrate
whiff whole
whiff abstraction
whiff act
whiff entity
whiff event
whiff failure
whiff out
whiff strikeout
whiff blow
whiff move
whiff fail
whiff act
whiff communicate
whiff interact
whiff talk
while abstraction
while entity
while measure
while time
whimper abstraction
whimper act
whimper complaint
whimper entity
whimper event
whimper objection
whine travel
whine sound
whine complain
whip artifact
whip device
whip entity
whip instrumentality
whip instrument
whip object
whip whole
whip entity
whip leader
whip legislator
whip object
whip organism
whip person
whip politician
whip whole
whip course
whip dessert
whip entity
whip food
whip matter
whip substance
whip abstraction
whip attribute
whip entity
whip flexibility
whip property
whip abstraction
whip act
whip action
whip blow
whip change
whip entity
whip event
whip motion
whip stroke
whip move
whip shake
whip strike
whip touch
whipping abstraction
whipping act
whipping beating
whipping entity
whipping event
whipping punishment
whirl abstraction
whirl entity
whirl event
whirl happening
whirl movement
whirl abstraction
whirl attribute
whirl entity
whirl shape
whirl move
whirl rotate
whirl turn
whirl move
whirlpool abstraction
whirlpool current
whirlpool entity
whirlpool event
whirlpool flow
whirlpool happening
whirlpool movement
whirlwind entity
whirlwind phenomenon
whirlwind process
whirlwind storm
whirlwind windstorm
whisk artifact
whisk entity
whisk implement
whisk instrumentality
whisk object
whisk utensil
whisk whole
whisk artifact
whisk broom
whisk entity
whisk implement
whisk instrumentality
whisk object
whisk whole
whisk bring
whisk move
whisk transport
whisk travel
whisk guide
whisk rub
whisk wipe
whisk agitate
whisk beat
whisk move
whisker entity
whisker hair
whisker part
whisker process
whisker thing
whiskey abstraction
whiskey agent
whiskey alcohol
whiskey beverage
whiskey drug
whiskey entity
whiskey fluid
whiskey food
whiskey liquid
whiskey liquor
whiskey matter
whiskey part
whiskey relation
whiskey substance
whisper abstraction
whisper communication
whisper entity
whisper speaking
whisper utterance
whisper act
whisper communicate
whisper interact
whisper talk
whistle abstraction
whistle entity
whistle event
whistle happening
whistle sound
whistle abstraction
whistle communication
whistle entity
whistle signal
whistle artifact
whistle device
whistle entity
whistle instrumentality
whistle object
whistle whole
whistle artifact
whistle device
whistle entity
whistle instrumentality
whistle object
whistle whole
whistle sound
whistle travel
whistle act
whistle communicate
whistle interact
whistle move
whistle sound
whistle act
whistle communicate
whistle interact
whistle sign
whistler entity
whistler object
whistler organism
whistler person
whistler whole
white entity
white object
white organism
white person
white whole
white abstraction
white attribute
white color
white entity
white property
white artifact
white entity
white equipment
white instrumentality
white man
white object
white whole
whitecap abstraction
whitecap entity
whitecap event
whitecap happening
whitecap movement
whitecap wave
whitefish entity
whitefish food
whitefish matter
whitefish seafood
whitefish solid
whitefish entity
whitefish food
whitefish matter
whitefish seafood
whitefish solid
whitefish animal
whitefish entity
whitefish fish
whitefish object
whitefish organism
whitefish vertebrate
whitefish whole
whitehead abstraction
whitehead appearance
whitehead attribute
whitehead blemish
whitehead entity
whitehead quality
whiteness abstraction
whiteness attribute
whiteness color
whiteness complexion
whiteness entity
whiteness property
whitewash abstraction
whitewash defeat
whitewash ending
whitewash entity
whitewash event
whitewash failure
whitewash happening
whitewash abstraction
whitewash artifact
whitewash coating
whitewash covering
whitewash entity
whitewash material
whitewash matter
whitewash object
whitewash paint
whitewash part
whitewash relation
whitewash substance
whitewash wash
whitewash whole
whitewash abstraction
whitewash accomplishment
whitewash act
whitewash action
whitewash clearing
whitewash entity
whitewash event
whitewash liberation
whitewash cover
whitewash hide
whitewash cover
whitewash wash
whitewash acquit
whitewash declare
whitewash evaluate
whitewash pronounce
whitewash think
whiz abstraction
whiz entity
whiz event
whiz happening
whiz sound
whole abstraction
whole cognition
whole concept
whole content
whole entity
whole idea
whole entity
whole object
wholeness abstraction
wholeness attribute
wholeness condition
wholeness entity
wholeness state
wholesale abstraction
wholesale act
wholesale commerce
wholesale entity
wholesale event
wholesale selling
wholesale transaction
wholesale exchange
wholesale sell
wholesale transfer
whoop abstraction
whoop communication
whoop cry
whoop entity
whoop utterance
whoop shout
whoop utter
whoopee abstraction
whoopee act
whoopee activity
whoopee celebration
whoopee diversion
whoopee entity
whoopee event
whoopee merrymaking
whoopee revel
whopper abstraction
whopper communication
whopper entity
whopper falsehood
whopper lie
whopper message
whopper statement
whore work
whore connect
whore copulate
whore join
whore agree
whore compromise
why abstraction
why entity
why motivation
why reason
wick artifact
wick cord
wick entity
wick line
wick object
wick whole
wick artifact
wick cord
wick entity
wick line
wick object
wick whole
widen change
widen increase
widen change
widen increase
wideness abstraction
wideness attribute
wideness dimension
wideness entity
wideness magnitude
wideness property
wideness width
widow adult
widow entity
widow female
widow object
widow organism
widow person
widow whole
widow woman
widow leave
widower adult
widower entity
widower male
widower man
widower object
widower organism
widower person
widower whole
widowhood abstraction
widowhood entity
widowhood measure
widowhood abstraction
widowhood attribute
widowhood entity
widowhood state
widowhood status
width abstraction
width attribute
width dimension
width entity
width magnitude
width property
wife adult
wife entity
wife female
wife object
wife organism
wife person
wife relative
wife spouse
wife whole
wife woman
wig artifact
wig attire
wig clothing
wig commodity
wig covering
wig entity
wig hairpiece
wig object
wig whole
wig abstraction
wig communication
wig criticism
wig disapproval
wig entity
wig message
wig rebuke
wigwam artifact
wigwam dwelling
wigwam entity
wigwam housing
wigwam lodge
wigwam object
wigwam structure
wigwam whole
wild abstraction
wild attribute
wild entity
wild state
wildcat animal
wildcat carnivore
wildcat cat
wildcat entity
wildcat feline
wildcat mammal
wildcat object
wildcat organism
wildcat vertebrate
wildcat whole
wilderness abstraction
wilderness attribute
wilderness entity
wilderness rejection
wilderness situation
wilderness state
wilderness entity
wilderness location
wilderness object
wilderness region
wilderness abstraction
wilderness abundance
wilderness amount
wilderness attribute
wilderness entity
wilderness magnitude
wilderness property
wilderness quantity
wildfire abstraction
wildfire entity
wildfire event
wildfire fire
wildfire happening
wildflower entity
wildflower object
wildflower organism
wildflower plant
wildflower whole
wildlife entity
wildlife life
wildlife object
wildlife whole
will abstraction
will cognition
will content
will entity
will goal
will purpose
will abstraction
will communication
will document
will entity
will writing
will declare
will decree
will express
will ordain
will state
will decide
willingness abstraction
willingness attribute
willingness disposition
willingness entity
willingness nature
willingness trait
willow entity
willow object
willow organism
willow plant
willow tree
willow whole
willow artifact
willow device
willow entity
willow instrumentality
willow machine
willow object
willow whole
win abstraction
win ending
win entity
win event
win happening
win success
win victory
winch artifact
winch device
winch entity
winch instrumentality
winch object
winch whole
winch move
winch pull
wind entity
wind phenomenon
wind process
wind weather
wind consequence
wind entity
wind influence
wind phenomenon
wind process
wind breath
wind entity
wind exhalation
wind process
wind abstraction
wind communication
wind conversation
wind entity
wind speech
wind talk
wind abstraction
wind act
wind action
wind change
wind entity
wind event
wind motion
wind rotation
wind be
wind move
wind change
wind tighten
windfall entity
windfall food
windfall fruit
windfall matter
windfall object
windfall produce
windfall solid
windfall whole
window artifact
window entity
window framework
window object
window structure
window whole
window artifact
window entity
window object
window opening
window whole
window artifact
window entity
window object
window panel
window sheet
window whole
window abstraction
window attribute
window entity
window location
window object
window opening
window shape
window space
window abstraction
window entity
window measure
window artifact
window entity
window object
window opening
window whole
window artifact
window device
window display
window entity
window instrumentality
window object
window whole
windowsill artifact
windowsill device
windowsill entity
windowsill instrumentality
windowsill object
windowsill sill
windowsill support
windowsill whole
windstorm entity
windstorm phenomenon
windstorm process
windstorm storm
wine abstraction
wine agent
wine alcohol
wine beverage
wine drug
wine entity
wine fluid
wine food
wine liquid
wine matter
wine part
wine relation
wine substance
wine abstraction
wine attribute
wine color
wine entity
wine property
wine red
wine consume
wine drink
wine give
wine provide
wine transfer
wing entity
wing organ
wing part
wing thing
wing artifact
wing device
wing entity
wing instrumentality
wing object
wing whole
wing artifact
wing entity
wing object
wing platform
wing stage
wing surface
wing whole
wing abstraction
wing entity
wing group
wing organization
wing unit
wing athlete
wing contestant
wing entity
wing object
wing organism
wing person
wing player
wing whole
wing entity
wing location
wing object
wing point
wing position
wing abstraction
wing entity
wing group
wing abstraction
wing entity
wing helping
wing measure
wink abstraction
wink communication
wink entity
wink gesture
wink act
wink communicate
wink interact
wink control
wink forget
wink inhibit
wink restrain
wink suppress
winner contestant
winner entity
winner object
winner organism
winner person
winner whole
winner entity
winner gambler
winner object
winner organism
winner person
winner whole
winning abstraction
winning accomplishment
winning act
winning action
winning attainment
winning entity
winning event
winning success
winnings abstraction
winnings assets
winnings entity
winnings gain
winnings possession
winnings relation
winnings sum
winter abstraction
winter entity
winter measure
winter season
winter spend
wipe guide
wipe rub
wire artifact
wire attachment
wire connection
wire entity
wire instrumentality
wire ligament
wire object
wire whole
wire artifact
wire conductor
wire device
wire entity
wire instrumentality
wire object
wire whole
wire abstraction
wire communication
wire end
wire entity
wire extremity
wire finish
wire indication
wire line
wire location
wire mark
wire object
wire region
wire equip
wire give
wire supply
wire transfer
wire attach
wire connect
wire fasten
wire arrange
wire move
wire put
wire string
wireless artifact
wireless entity
wireless instrumentality
wireless medium
wireless object
wireless telecommunication
wireless whole
wiring artifact
wiring circuit
wiring device
wiring entity
wiring instrumentality
wiring object
wiring whole
wiring abstraction
wiring act
wiring activity
wiring entity
wiring event
wiring labor
wiring work
wisdom abstraction
wisdom cognition
wisdom content
wisdom entity
wisdom abstraction
wisdom attribute
wisdom entity
wisdom trait
wisdom ability
wisdom abstraction
wisdom cognition
wisdom entity
wisdom abstraction
wisdom attribute
wisdom entity
wisdom good
wisdom quality
wise abstraction
wise attribute
wise entity
wise manner
wise property
wish abstraction
wish attribute
wish desire
wish entity
wish feeling
wish state
wish abstraction
wish act
wish entity
wish event
wish request
wish abstraction
wish cognition
wish entity
wish option
wish preference
wish process
wish desire
wish express
wish desire
wish communicate
wish convey
wish move
wish order
wish request
wish transfer
wish address
wish come
wish greet
wish travel
wisp abstraction
wisp bunch
wisp collection
wisp entity
wisp group
wisp tuft
wisp entity
wisp object
wisp organism
wisp person
wisp whole
wisp abstraction
wisp collection
wisp entity
wisp group
wisp package
wisp abstraction
wisp entity
wisp flock
wisp group
wit abstraction
wit communication
wit entity
wit message
witch ability
witch abstraction
witch cognition
witch creativity
witch entity
witch imagination
witchcraft abstraction
witchcraft belief
witchcraft cognition
witchcraft content
witchcraft entity
witchcraft magic
witchcraft sorcery
withdraw travel
withdraw remove
withdrawal abstraction
withdrawal act
withdrawal denial
withdrawal entity
withdrawal event
withdrawal retraction
withdrawal abstraction
withdrawal act
withdrawal action
withdrawal change
withdrawal entity
withdrawal event
withdrawal removal
withdrawal separation
withdrawal abstraction
withdrawal act
withdrawal departure
withdrawal entity
withdrawal event
withdrawal abstraction
withdrawal attribute
withdrawal entity
withdrawal feeling
withdrawal indifference
withdrawal state
withdrawal abstraction
withdrawal act
withdrawal action
withdrawal change
withdrawal entity
withdrawal event
withdrawal removal
withdrawal separation
withdrawal abstraction
withdrawal act
withdrawal action
withdrawal change
withdrawal entity
withdrawal event
withdrawal separation
withdrawal abstraction
withdrawal act
withdrawal action
withdrawal change
withdrawal entity
withdrawal event
withdrawal termination
withers entity
withers part
withers thing
withhold deny
withhold have
withhold keep
withhold have
withhold keep
witness entity
witness object
witness organism
witness person
witness speaker
witness whole
witness abstraction
witness communication
witness entity
witness evidence
witness information
witness message
witness testimony
witness entity
witness object
witness organism
witness person
witness whole
witness entity
witness object
witness organism
witness person
witness whole
witness watch
witness change
witness experience
witness undergo
wits ability
wits abstraction
wits cognition
wits entity
wits intelligence
wobble abstraction
wobble entity
wobble event
wobble happening
wobble movement
wobble move
wobbly entity
wobbly object
wobbly organism
wobbly person
wobbly radical
wobbly whole
wok artifact
wok entity
wok implement
wok instrumentality
wok object
wok pan
wok utensil
wok whole
wolf animal
wolf canine
wolf carnivore
wolf entity
wolf mammal
wolf object
wolf organism
wolf vertebrate
wolf whole
wolf adult
wolf entity
wolf male
wolf man
wolf object
wolf organism
wolf person
wolf whole
wolf consume
wolf eat
wolverine animal
wolverine carnivore
wolverine entity
wolverine mammal
wolverine object
wolverine organism
wolverine vertebrate
wolverine whole
woman adult
woman entity
woman female
woman object
woman organism
woman person
woman whole
woman entity
woman female
woman object
woman organism
woman person
woman whole
womanhood abstraction
womanhood adulthood
womanhood attribute
womanhood entity
womanhood maturity
womanhood state
womanhood abstraction
womanhood class
womanhood entity
womanhood group
womanhood people
womanhood abstraction
womanhood act
womanhood activity
womanhood entity
womanhood event
womanhood occupation
womanhood position
womanliness abstraction
womanliness attribute
womanliness entity
womanliness femininity
womanliness trait
wonder abstraction
wonder astonishment
wonder attribute
wonder entity
wonder feeling
wonder state
wonder abstraction
wonder entity
wonder event
wonder happening
wonder act
wonder address
wonder ask
wonder communicate
wonder interact
wonder question
wonder think
wonder act
wonder react
wonderland entity
wonderland land
wonderland object
wonderland ability
wonderland abstraction
wonderland cognition
wonderland creativity
wonderland entity
wonderland imagination
woo act
wood abstraction
wood entity
wood material
wood matter
wood part
wood relation
wood substance
wood artifact
wood entity
wood equipment
wood instrumentality
wood object
wood whole
woodcutter employee
woodcutter entity
woodcutter laborer
woodcutter object
woodcutter organism
woodcutter person
woodcutter whole
woodcutter worker
woodcutter workman
woodpecker animal
woodpecker bird
woodpecker entity
woodpecker object
woodpecker organism
woodpecker vertebrate
woodpecker whole
woodwork artifact
woodwork creation
woodwork entity
woodwork object
woodwork product
woodwork whole
woodwork work
woodworm animal
woodworm entity
woodworm invertebrate
woodworm object
woodworm organism
woodworm whole
woodworm worm
woof artifact
woof cord
woof entity
woof line
woof object
woof thread
woof whole
wool artifact
wool entity
wool fabric
wool object
wool whole
wool abstraction
wool entity
wool fiber
wool material
wool matter
wool part
wool relation
wool substance
wool coat
wool covering
wool entity
wool hair
wool object
wool whole
word abstraction
word entity
word part
word relation
word abstraction
word communication
word entity
word message
word statement
word abstraction
word act
word command
word entity
word event
word order
word abstraction
word entity
word measure
wording abstraction
wording communication
wording entity
wording formulation
work abstraction
work act
work activity
work entity
work event
work artifact
work creation
work entity
work object
work product
work whole
work energy
work entity
work phenomenon
work process
work succeed
work change
work transform
work work
work act
work go
work move
work use
work be
work control
work direct
work manage
work operate
work control
work manage
work stimulate
work attract
work capture
work move
work become
work change
workbench artifact
workbench entity
workbench furnishing
workbench furniture
workbench instrumentality
workbench object
workbench table
workbench whole
workday abstraction
workday entity
workday measure
workday weekday
workday abstraction
workday day
workday entity
workday measure
worker entity
worker object
worker organism
worker person
worker whole
worker animal
worker entity
worker insect
worker invertebrate
worker object
worker organism
worker whole
workhouse artifact
workhouse entity
workhouse establishment
workhouse object
workhouse structure
workhouse whole
workhouse artifact
workhouse entity
workhouse establishment
workhouse institution
workhouse jail
workhouse object
workhouse structure
workhouse whole
working artifact
working entity
working excavation
working object
working whole
workload abstraction
workload act
workload activity
workload employment
workload entity
workload event
workload occupation
workman employee
workman entity
workman object
workman organism
workman person
workman whole
workman worker
workplace entity
workplace location
workplace object
workplace point
works abstraction
works act
works activity
works entity
works event
works artifact
works device
works entity
works instrumentality
works mechanism
works object
works whole
workshop entity
workshop location
workshop object
workshop point
workshop workplace
workshop abstraction
workshop act
workshop activity
workshop course
workshop education
workshop entity
workshop event
workspace area
workspace entity
workspace location
workspace object
workspace region
workspace space
workstation artifact
workstation computer
workstation device
workstation entity
workstation instrumentality
workstation machine
workstation object
workstation whole
world abstraction
world class
world entity
world group
world people
world abstraction
world cognition
world content
world entity
world experience
world entity
world part
world thing
world abstraction
world animal
world entity
world group
world mammal
world object
world organism
world primate
world vertebrate
world whole
worldliness abstraction
worldliness entity
worldliness position
worldliness relation
worm animal
worm entity
worm invertebrate
worm object
worm organism
worm whole
worm entity
worm object
worm organism
worm person
worm whole
worm abstraction
worm code
worm communication
worm entity
worm program
worm software
worm writing
worm artifact
worm device
worm entity
worm fastener
worm instrumentality
worm object
worm restraint
worm screw
worm whole
wormhole entity
wormhole hole
wormhole object
worry abstraction
worry anxiety
worry attribute
worry emotion
worry entity
worry feeling
worry state
worry mind
worry think
worry affect
worry disturb
worry cut
worry move
worry separate
worry guide
worry rub
worrying abstraction
worrying act
worrying action
worrying agitation
worrying change
worrying entity
worrying event
worrying motion
worse abstraction
worse attribute
worse bad
worse entity
worse quality
worsen change
worsening abstraction
worsening act
worsening action
worsening change
worsening entity
worsening event
worship abstraction
worship act
worship activity
worship entity
worship event
worship abstraction
worship attribute
worship emotion
worship entity
worship feeling
worship love
worship state
worship evaluate
worship respect
worship reverence
worship see
worship think
worship attend
worship be
worshiper admirer
worshiper entity
worshiper lover
worshiper object
worshiper organism
worshiper person
worshiper whole
worst abstraction
worst ending
worst entity
worst event
worst happening
worst result
worst abstraction
worst attribute
worst entity
worst evil
worst immorality
worst quality
worst abstraction
worst act
worst activity
worst attempt
worst entity
worst event
worst beat
wort entity
wort herb
wort object
wort organism
wort plant
wort whole
wort entity
wort food
wort foodstuff
wort grain
wort malt
wort matter
wort substance
worth abstraction
worth entity
worth measure
worth abstraction
worth attribute
worth entity
worth quality
worthiness abstraction
worthiness attribute
worthiness entity
worthiness good
worthiness quality
worthy adult
worthy entity
worthy object
worthy organism
worthy person
worthy whole
wound abstraction
wound attribute
wound condition
wound entity
wound injury
wound state
wound abstraction
wound casualty
wound change
wound decrease
wound entity
wound event
wound happening
wound abstraction
wound attribute
wound distress
wound entity
wound feeling
wound pain
wound state
wound abstraction
wound act
wound action
wound change
wound damage
wound entity
wound event
wounded abstraction
wounded entity
wounded group
wounded people
wow affect
wow impress
wrangle cultivate
wrangle grow
wrangle herd
wrangle keep
wrap artifact
wrap cloak
wrap clothing
wrap commodity
wrap covering
wrap entity
wrap garment
wrap object
wrap whole
wrap dish
wrap entity
wrap food
wrap matter
wrap sandwich
wrap substance
wrap cover
wrap collide
wrap crash
wrath abstraction
wrath anger
wrath attribute
wrath emotion
wrath entity
wrath feeling
wrath fury
wrath state
wrath abstraction
wrath act
wrath activity
wrath entity
wrath event
wrath sin
wrath transgression
wreath abstraction
wreath arrangement
wreath artifact
wreath decoration
wreath entity
wreath group
wreath object
wreath whole
wreck abstraction
wreck attribute
wreck condition
wreck decline
wreck entity
wreck state
wreck artifact
wreck conveyance
wreck craft
wreck entity
wreck instrumentality
wreck object
wreck ship
wreck vehicle
wreck vessel
wreck whole
wreckage entity
wreckage object
wreckage part
wren animal
wren bird
wren entity
wren object
wren organism
wren vertebrate
wren whole
wrench abstraction
wrench attribute
wrench condition
wrench entity
wrench injury
wrench state
wrench artifact
wrench entity
wrench implement
wrench instrumentality
wrench object
wrench tool
wrench whole
wrench act
wrench force
wrench pull
wrench move
wrestle abstraction
wrestle act
wrestle activity
wrestle effort
wrestle entity
wrestle event
wrestle labor
wrestle struggle
wrestle work
wrestle battle
wrestle contend
wrestle act
wrestle communicate
wrestle consider
wrestle interact
wrestle talk
wrestle contend
wrestler combatant
wrestler entity
wrestler object
wrestler organism
wrestler person
wrestler whole
wrestling abstraction
wrestling act
wrestling activity
wrestling diversion
wrestling entity
wrestling event
wrestling sport
wretch entity
wretch object
wretch organism
wretch person
wretch whole
wring change
wring twist
wring press
wring squash
wring touch
wrinkle abstraction
wrinkle attribute
wrinkle depression
wrinkle entity
wrinkle shape
wrinkle solid
wrinkle abstraction
wrinkle cognition
wrinkle difficulty
wrinkle entity
wrinkle ability
wrinkle abstraction
wrinkle cognition
wrinkle entity
wrinkle method
wrinkle change
wrinkle fold
wrist entity
wrist joint
wrist part
wrist thing
wristband artifact
wristband band
wristband entity
wristband object
wristband strip
wristband whole
write make
write act
write communicate
write interact
write correspond
write act
write communicate
write interact
write change
write mark
write trace
write have
write keep
write record
write save
write make
writer entity
writer object
writer organism
writer person
writer whole
writer entity
writer literate
writer object
writer organism
writer person
writer whole
writing abstraction
writing act
writing activity
writing creation
writing entity
writing event
writing abstraction
writing communication
writing entity
writing abstraction
writing artifact
writing communication
writing creation
writing entity
writing object
writing product
writing whole
writing abstraction
writing communication
writing entity
writing abstraction
writing act
writing activity
writing entity
writing event
wrong abstraction
wrong attribute
wrong entity
wrong immorality
wrong injustice
wrong quality
wrong abstraction
wrong act
wrong activity
wrong entity
wrong event
wrong injury
wrong act
wrong interact
wrong treat
xerox artifact
xerox copy
xerox creation
xerox entity
xerox object
xerox representation
xerox whole
xerox apparatus
xerox artifact
xerox entity
xerox equipment
xerox instrumentality
xerox object
xerox whole
yacht artifact
yacht conveyance
yacht craft
yacht entity
yacht instrumentality
yacht object
yacht vehicle
yacht vessel
yacht whole
yacht boat
yacht ride
yacht travel
yak abstraction
yak communication
yak conversation
yak entity
yak speech
yak talk
yak animal
yak bovine
yak entity
yak mammal
yak object
yak organism
yak ox
yak vertebrate
yak whole
yak act
yak communicate
yak interact
yam entity
yam object
yam stalk
yam whole
yam entity
yam object
yam organism
yam plant
yam vine
yam whole
yam entity
yam food
yam matter
yam produce
yam solid
yam vegetable
yam entity
yam food
yam matter
yam produce
yam solid
yam vegetable
yard abstraction
yard entity
yard measure
yard entity
yard field
yard location
yard object
yard region
yard tract
yard entity
yard location
yard object
yard region
yard tract
yard entity
yard location
yard object
yard region
yard tract
yard entity
yard location
yard object
yard region
yard tract
yard artifact
yard entity
yard implement
yard instrumentality
yard object
yard pole
yard rod
yard spar
yard whole
yard area
yard artifact
yard enclosure
yard entity
yard object
yard structure
yard whole
yardstick abstraction
yardstick entity
yardstick measure
yardstick standard
yardstick artifact
yardstick device
yardstick entity
yardstick instrumentality
yardstick instrument
yardstick object
yardstick rule
yardstick whole
yarn act
yarn communicate
yarn inform
yarn interact
yarn tell
year abstraction
year entity
year measure
year abstraction
year entity
year measure
year abstraction
year entity
year measure
yearbook artifact
yearbook book
yearbook creation
yearbook entity
yearbook object
yearbook product
yearbook publication
yearbook whole
yearbook work
yearling animal
yearling entity
yearling horse
yearling mammal
yearling object
yearling organism
yearling vertebrate
yearling whole
yearling animal
yearling entity
yearling mammal
yearling object
yearling organism
yearling vertebrate
yearling whole
yearn love
yeast entity
yeast matter
yeast substance
yeast entity
yeast fungus
yeast object
yeast organism
yeast whole
yell act
yell communicate
yell interact
yell shout
yell talk
yellow abstraction
yellow attribute
yellow color
yellow entity
yellow property
yellow change
yen abstraction
yen entity
yen measure
yes abstraction
yes affirmative
yes assertion
yes communication
yes declaration
yes entity
yes message
yes statement
yesterday abstraction
yesterday day
yesterday entity
yesterday measure
yesterday abstraction
yesterday attribute
yesterday entity
yesterday past
yesterday time
yield artifact
yield creation
yield entity
yield object
yield product
yield whole
yield give
yield supply
yield transfer
yield gain
yield get
yield accept
yield act
yield react
yin abstraction
yin cognition
yin content
yin entity
yin generalization
yin idea
yin principle
yoga abstraction
yoga attribute
yoga belief
yoga cognition
yoga content
yoga entity
yoga good
yoga morality
yoga quality
yoga religion
yoga virtue
yoga abstraction
yoga act
yoga activity
yoga effort
yoga entity
yoga event
yoga exercise
yoga labor
yoga work
yogi entity
yogi intellectual
yogi object
yogi organism
yogi person
yogi philosopher
yogi scholar
yogi whole
yogurt entity
yogurt food
yogurt foodstuff
yogurt matter
yogurt solid
yogurt substance
yoke artifact
yoke entity
yoke fabric
yoke object
yoke whole
yoke abstraction
yoke attribute
yoke entity
yoke oppression
yoke relationship
yoke state
yoke subjugation
yoke abstraction
yoke entity
yoke gathering
yoke group
yoke pair
yoke artifact
yoke device
yoke entity
yoke instrumentality
yoke object
yoke support
yoke whole
yoke artifact
yoke connection
yoke entity
yoke instrumentality
yoke object
yoke whole
yoke artifact
yoke entity
yoke equipment
yoke gear
yoke instrumentality
yoke object
yoke whole
yoke connect
yoke join
yoke attach
yoke connect
yoke attach
yoke connect
young animal
young entity
young object
young organism
young whole
young abstraction
young entity
young group
young people
youngness abstraction
youngness age
youngness attribute
youngness entity
youngness property
youth abstraction
youth entity
youth measure
youth abstraction
youth attribute
youth entity
youth maturity
youth state
youth abstraction
youth entity
youth measure
youth abstraction
youth age
youth attribute
youth entity
youth property
youth youngness
zany clown
zany comedian
zany entertainer
zany entity
zany object
zany organism
zany performer
zany person
zany whole
zeal abstraction
zeal attribute
zeal entity
zeal feeling
zeal passion
zeal state
zebra animal
zebra entity
zebra mammal
zebra object
zebra organism
zebra vertebrate
zebra whole
zenith entity
zenith location
zenith object
zenith point
zero abstraction
zero digit
zero entity
zero integer
zero measure
zero number
zero abstraction
zero cognition
zero concept
zero content
zero entity
zero idea
zero quantity
zero artifact
zero device
zero entity
zero instrumentality
zero instrument
zero object
zero whole
zero adjust
zero change
zero adjust
zero change
zest season
zinc abstraction
zinc entity
zinc matter
zinc part
zinc relation
zinc substance
zinc coat
zinc cover
zirconium abstraction
zirconium entity
zirconium matter
zirconium part
zirconium relation
zirconium substance
zodiac entity
zodiac location
zodiac object
zodiac region
zodiac artifact
zodiac creation
zodiac diagram
zodiac drawing
zodiac entity
zodiac object
zodiac representation
zodiac whole
zombie abstraction
zombie agent
zombie alcohol
zombie beverage
zombie drug
zombie entity
zombie fluid
zombie food
zombie liquid
zombie matter
zombie part
zombie relation
zombie substance
zone entity
zone location
zone object
zone point
zone entity
zone location
zone object
zone region
zone entity
zone location
zone object
zone region
zone entity
zone part
zone structure
zone thing
zone decide
zone regulate
zoning abstraction
zoning act
zoning action
zoning change
zoning division
zoning entity
zoning event
zoning separation
zoology abstraction
zoology biology
zoology cognition
zoology content
zoology discipline
zoology entity
zoology science
zoom travel
zucchini entity
zucchini marrow
zucchini object
zucchini organism
zucchini plant
zucchini squash
zucchini vine
zucchini whole
zucchini entity
zucchini food
zucchini matter
zucchini produce
zucchini solid
zucchini squash
zucchini vegetable
